---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_147.jpg
---
" THE UMPIRE

)

s e e e
e ———— e

WHEN DREAMS COME TRUE

There are three famous instances of men
promising themselves a luxurious life in the
expectation of wealth to come. There is our
old friend Alnascher the Babbler, the fifth
brother of the barber in ‘‘The Thousand
Nights and a Night,”” who, rehearsing his
arrogant behavior on his wedding night, kick-
ing his bride, the eldest daughter of the
Prime Minister, perfect in beauty and rare
in accomplishments, smashed his hopes with
the tray of glassware. There is Sir Epicure
Mammon, with his superb speech in Ben Jon-
son’s ‘‘Alchemist.”’ There is Malvalio,
dreaming of his future happiness with the
Countess Olivia.

But every boy has played at what he would
do if he came into a great fortune, says a
‘writer in the Boston Herald. As a rule, his
longings were as fautastical as those of the
man granted three wishes by some supernat-
ural being, a yarn that with ludicrous
variations is found in the folk lore of many
countries. When ‘“Coal Oil Johnny’’ sudden-
ly became rich he organized a negro minstrel
company and each member of it sported a
dazzling diamond ring. One boy would have
great quantities of tops and marbles; an-
other would have the power to rule the vil-
lage that he might punish those who had
failed to appreciate the humor of his using
the sling and buckshot, tearing off pickets
from their fences, or stretching stout string
across the sidewalk at dusk, or by playing
tick-tack, summoning them fruitlessly to the
front door. g

In the reign of George II a footman in the
service of a young lady of quality, dreamed a
dream and hastened to put his savings of
twenty years into two lottery tickets. These
tickets turned out to be blanks. He was
melancholy for a few days and then he killed
himself. In his trunk was found this plan of
the mannor in which he would spend the prize
of £5,000. .

““As soon as I have received the money I
will marry Grace Towers; butas she has been
cross and coy, I will use her as a servant.

Every morning she shall get me a mug Qb

strong beer, with a toast, nutmeg and sugar
in it; then I will sleep till 10, after which I
will have a large sack posset. My dinner
shall be on table by 1, and never without a
good pudding.
and brandy laid in. About 5 in the afternoon
1 will have tarts and jellies, and a gallon
bowl of punch; at 10, a hot supper of two
dishes. If I am in a good humor, and Grace
behaves herself, she shall sit down with me.
To bed about 12.”’ E

THE OCEAN FLOOR

The ocean does not sink into the earth
owning to the fact that there is a kind of
substance at the bottom of the ocean which
the water can not penetrate, in spite of the
tremendous pressure which the great body of

I will have a stock of wine

deep water exerts. In all places where the
bottom of the ocean has a covering which
water can sink into it does so, but there are
such a few places where this is possible by
comparison, that the amount that gets out
that way is not noticeable, says the Book of
Wonders. This water, if it can keep on go-
ing, will eventually reach the inside of the
earth, where it is red hot, and is turned into
steam.

THE BOY THAT WAS

When the hair about the temples starts to
show the signs of gray,

And a fellow realizes that he’s wandering
far away

From the pleasures of his boyhood and his
youth and never more

Will know the joy of laughter as he did in
days of yore,

Oh, it’s then he starts to thinking of a stub-
by little lad

With a face as brown as berries and a soul
supremely glad.

When a gray-haired dreamer wanders down
the lanes of memory

And forgets the living present for the time
of ‘‘used to be,”’

He takes off his shoes and stockings, and he
throws his coat away, :

And he’s free from all restrictions, save the
rules of manly play.

He may be in tattered garments, but bare-
headed in the sun :

He forgets his proud successes and the
riches he has won.

Oh, there’s not a man that lives but would
give his all to be

The stubby little fellow that in dreamland
he can see,

And the splendors that surround him and
the joys about him spread

Only seem to rise to taunt him with the boy-
hood that has fled.

When the hair about the temples begins to
show time’s silver stain,

Then the richest man that’s living yearns to
be a boy again.

—Detroit Free Press.

HAVE A HEART

Persuasion, friend, comes not by wit or art;

Hard study never made the matter clearer.

'Tis the life fountain in the speaker’s heart.

Sends forth the streams which melt the rav-
ished hearer.

Then work away for life; pile book on book,

Line upon line, and precept on example.

The eager multitude may gape and look,

And fools may think your stock of wisdom
ample.

But would you touch the heart?
method known,

My worthy friend, is first to have one of
your own.

The only

—Translation from Goethe.
Alaska’s 1915 mining output was valued at
$32,000,000.

" and it was sung at his funeral.

A REMARKABLE FEAT

It is told of a forester, Elijah Coleman, of
Portland, Ore., that he accomplished a most
remarkable feat recently, by making of him-
self a sledge on the snow-clad upper slopes
of Mount Hood, he managed to save Hans
Fuhrer, a badly injured mountain guide, who
is now in a hospital and who is expected to
recover.

Yuhrer had guided a party of men and
women to the summit, 11,000 feet up. When
a mile from the top on the descent Fuhrer
fell on the sharp blade of an axe, receiving a
serious wound in the abdomen.

Coleman, the lookout, had been watching
the party through a glass from the summit
and saw the accident. He slid, coasted and
plunged down the intervening mile in a few
minutes. With other members of the party
he stanched Fuhrer’s wound. Then, throw-
ing himself flat on his back, he drew Fuhrer
on his body and directed those in the party
to attach a rope to his feet. Holding the
wounded man with his clasped arms, Cole-
man was dragged over the snow two miles to
the timber line. There the wounded man
was placed in an automobile and brought to
the city.

LEGGINS OF ASBESTOS

Wearing of old shoes in the foundvy is a
bad idea. In case of a spill, a shoe which is
in a bad condition will allow the molten
mertal to reach the skin and burn it. It is
cheaper, in the long run, to spend money for
a new pair of molder’s Congress shoes. The
use of Congress shoes as well as the leggins
is advised. A very good type of leggin,
worn in gome foundries, is made of asbestos
in the shape of a boot and covering the entire
top of the foot. It is held in place by steel
bands which are sprung over the leg.

FAMOUS MEN’S FAVORITE HYMNS

Favorite hymns of famous men make an
interesting catalogue. Gladstone’s special
was ‘‘Praise to the Holiest in the Height,”’
Tennyson’s
favorite was Heber’s ‘““Holy, Holy, Holy.”’
One of Ruskin’s preferences was ‘‘Jesus, Here
From Sin Deliver,’”’ upon which he preached
a sermon to some 300 school children, his
guests one afternoon at Brantwood. Mathew
Arnold’s choice was ‘““When I Survey the
Wondrous Cross’’ (Watt’s masterpiece),
the third verse of which M. A. wasoverheard
reciting to himself only an hour before his
quite unexpected fatal seizure. And Henry
Ward Beecher declared ‘I would rather have
written ‘Jesus, Lover of My Soul’ than have
the fame of all the kings that ever sat on the
earth.’’

Kansas City’s public library circulated 69, -
139 books in 1915.

Spain in 1915 mined 2,402,000 tons of coal
and imported 1,200,000 tons.
