---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_148.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

4 ‘
I e EEEE——

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

Wets gy Rt Wil Pet

Cubs 43 18 1705 | Athletics 28 34 451

Ninth ST 318500 | Printers 21 40 344
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

WaESsE S Pe s Wirs[ S Pct;

New York 78 43 645 | Chicago 64 66 492

Philies 6951575 Brooklyn 59 63 484

St. Louis 69 61 E31 | Boston S @ ke

Cincinatti 68 65 511 Pittsburg 42 84 333
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

WL by Tedie WL Pet

Chicago 87 47 649 | New York sl (85 4G

Boston 76 9BR 603 I Wiashingtint b 166 1463

Cleveland 3R 605528 ST oS HI R BRG

Detroit 66 65 504 Athletics 46 371

(Continued from page 1.)

well, it was magnificent, but not baseball.
With a good chorus it would have made a
fine comic opera. Most of the Officers turn-
ed out to be slackers, Pete openly claiming
exemption on age, and B 8099 as Manager-
Captain-Pitcher was forced to make up a
composite team and do the best he could.
‘‘Blue-eyes’ opened on the mound for the
Delegates and had everything on the ball
but control. He was more deadly than a
German ‘‘Big Bertha.’”” The writer of these
thrilling lines was one of his earliest vie-
tims and knows whereof he speaks. Those
at the end of the third or fourth inning—we
forget which—looked like Madison Square
Garden during a six-day walking-match. At
the end of the sixth inning, with the score a
tie—12 to 12—Nick appeared on the scene,
and like Sheridan at Winchester, brought
victory, himself bringing in the thirteenth
run, which broke the tie and the hearts of
the Delegates. The final score was 15 to 12

in the Officers’ favor, who haven’t decided

yet whether it was a triumph or a disgrace.

The 2nd Section awoke on Saturday morn-
ing to the roar of rain on the roof, and every-
body thought, ‘““Well, there’s nothing to it
this afternoon but smoking-jacket and slrip-
pers, and an easy-chair by the ﬁr'e; but Pete
apparently has some occult influence over the
weather man, for at 10:30 he bet the writer
that it would clear up by dinner-time, and
he won the bet, but he hasn’t yet gotten the
cigar. Again in the course of the afternoon
a downpour seemed imminent and the band-
stand was hurriedly stripped of its decora-
tions, but whether Pete intervened again or
no, the threatening cloud passed, and the aft-
ernoon as a whole was a pleasant one.

The parade was as usual the feature of the
day. Pete must have been thinking of that
line of the old ballad, ‘“And twice around
went the gallant ship,”” for he insisted on a
second trip around the instituticn, but the
“boys,’” stood up to it bravely, and would
have gone around a third had he asked it of
them. The Committee on Marching unani-
mously awarded the prize to the 4th Block

marchers, prize to be the place of honor at
head of the column on their next time out.

They marched like the old cake walk veter-
ans they doubtless are. Members from the
other blocks and galleries comprising the 2nd
Section had better do a little practising o’
nights, if they hope to beat them. Dan, the one

- touch of humor, was again in evidence, after

an eclipse of a week, which may have been a
vacation, and then again, may not.

The Band, though lacking its ‘‘Master’s
voice,’’ or is it gesture?—for Profesor Wei-
gandt, after chaperoning the parade around,
left to take part in an outside celebration—

* did splendidly. B.8099. was right there, with

an alert ear for a possible discord, but his
vigil, like that of the small boy waiting for
the apple-core, was useless, for there was’nt
any. An orchestra of st'ing instruments,
assisted by what may have been a saxophone,
and may also have been something else, made
a decided hit, their dreams and serenades quite
eapturing the audience. After a spirited
rendition of ‘‘Tipperary,’’ the band closed
the musical program with the “*Star Spangled
Banner,’” and we wish to state right here
that at least a third of those present, and
within hearing eternally disgraced them-
selves by failing to render to the national
anthem the respect which is its due. It
might as well have been, ‘““We won’t go
Home Till Morning’’ for all the attention
they paid. Pete’s patriotic soul was sti: red,
and in no uncertain tones he announced that
next time the man remains covered he would
learn something to his discomfort. Whether
it’s the country of your birth, or the country
of your adoption, it’s your countiy, and you
owe it the tribute of your respect. You may
say it has treated you ill, but you know in
your heart that it is not so, that you have
been treated exactly as you deserved; that
this is truly the Land of Freedom and Op-

portunity, and you owe your being n this

place only to your own folly. Thatin almost
every other country of the world an‘‘ex-con’’
has about as much chance as a watermelon
in a negro camp meeting, or a Republican in
Texas; while here it is no absolute bar to
your future prozress, buton the contrary, a
spur to urge ydu on to a greater effort, a
handicap that will but make you flght the
harder. An American who isn’t proud of
being an American is a poor specimen of a
man indeed, and the Club wouldn’t miss him

very much: while those who aren’t Americans

by birth can at least show an outward sem-
blance of respect to the country that has
given them hospitality and opportunity beyond
their dreams. When next you hear the‘‘Star
Spangled Banner,”’ take off your cap, and
see that your neighbor takes off his also; but
don’t knock it off. If he is obdurate, call one
of the delegates or just send for Pete, and
he will do the rest. If we don’t fight for
our country, as so many of us would like to
do, we can at least give it fitting honor.
Saturday’s ball games were as usual full

of interest to the “fans.”” In the initial
clash between the Garage Stars and the 7th
Block, the ‘‘action’” was rapid-fire and con-
tinuous until the 9th inning, when the Stars
succeeded in putting over the winning run,
and the 7th Block went home disconsolate,
“licked”” by one run, the finnl score being 7
to 6. The game between the Red Cross and
the Shoe Shop was a calamity—for the Shoe
Shop; where they got the idea they could
play ball, we don’t know, but they essayed
it Saturday afternoon with disastrous re-
sults. We candidly advise them to stick to
their lasts in the future. The Red Cross
showed themselver rather out of place in
their present peaceful environment by the
quick and thorough beating they administer-
ed. They should be ‘‘Somewhere in France’’
stealing German bases. It was all over by
the 6th inning, score 9 to 2, which leaves
nothing to be said.

With the afternoon activities complete,
the bugle blew at 3:45 and everybody went
home to supper (?) filled to repletion with
good music, exercise, and fresh air, and
voting everybody, from the Warden down to
the water-boy, “‘jolly gooa-fellowship’’ for
the part they had played in making the aft-
ernoon a success.

Next Saturday, September 8th, 1st Section
will be out as follows: 1-9-10-8-6B, 6 G, 12 B,
12-1712 2: G115 B:

—B 8266.

LABOR DAY CELEBRA-
TION BY E. S. P. BAND

Labor Day was fittingly observed at this
institution by a band concert under the able
direction of Prof. A. F. Wiegandt.

PROGRAM
Entry March Marine Flashes Thome
““America’’
1. Aida March Verdi
2. Show Bell Schlepegreli
3. Sextette, from Lucia St. Clair
4. Martha Selection St. Clair
5. Il Trovatore Selection Sofranck
6. Quartette, from Rigoletto Verdi
7. Dope Rag Powell
8. Flag of Victory March Blon
‘‘Star Spangled Banner’’
Exit March Greenfield

Minerskelly

FACTS WORTH KNOWING

New Zealand offers a good opening for
American ready-made clothing.

There is great demand in Foochow, China,
for American-made clocks.

There are 56,000 seeds in-a bushel of wheat.

Venezuela’s 1914 imports were valued at $3, -
987,451.

Before the war tourists yearly spent about
$100, 000,000 in Ttaly.

British Guiana gold mines last year produc-
ed 60,733 ounces of gold.
