---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_149.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

Philadelphia, September 12, 1917

NO. 36

A STRIKING PHOTOPLAY
“THE HONOR SYSTEM”

“‘An intensely human story, gripping in
every situation, and splendidly portrayed,’’
comments a local paper on the new photo-
play, ‘“The Honor System.”’

Following a lengthy review of the new
film we are pleased to present a summary of
the same in which the writer says that itis a
supermasterpiece—a photoplay that has not
a dull moment in the forceful and dramatic
production of the Fox company. Raoul
Walsh, who has so ably directed many other
features for the same producer, has never
done better work. The cast, too, is evenly
balanced, and show by their acting they have
entered into the spirit of the play. Too
much praise can not be giver Henry Chris-
teen Warnack, the author, for this different
kind of story.

““The Honor System,’’ long expected, rings
true in every detail. Itis the story of the
fight for a new prison system which Arizona
experienced under the leadership of former
Governor Hunt. The author, now a Cali-
fornia newspaper man, had to live in that
country because of ill-health, and he went
through that campaign with all its bitter-
ness. He shows an intimate knowledge of
the corrupt political conditions which tried
to thwart the passage of prison reform leg-
islation, and with keen subtlety and without
preachment or appeal to maudlin sentiment
tells a plain story in a simple yet convincing
way. By contrast with old prison methods
the picture draws upon the heart-strings of
the public, and is one that red-blooded men
and real women will enjoy.

Remarkably well acted were the scenes of
a ““Villaistic raid’”’ somewhere near the bor-
der. Tense are the moments when a modern
motoreycle squad is called to raid a rendez-
‘vous of denizens of the underworld in a
Western town. And the scenes in the Ari-
zona State Penitentiary are no less graphic.
The perspectives and long shots of the gi-
gantic ranges of the Rockies down near the
Apache trail are all marvels of scenic beauty.

Marion Siils who plays the lead acceptably;
Miriam Cooper, the heroine, and Gladys
Brockwell as the adventuress give fine char-
acterizations of their parts. But it remains
for Charles Clarey, who essays the difficult
role of the villain, as the State’s Attorney,
later Senator, and the big, crooked political
boss, to carry off the honors of the produc-
tion. :
This former star of ‘‘The Spoilers’’ and
¢The Rosary’’ is at his best as the “‘heavy,’’
and the big, smashing climax of the produc-

tion comes when Clarey is himself in a felon’s
cell and, meets the man whom he himself
falsely convicted, and who now offers to aid
in his regeneration throvgh ‘“The Henor Sys-
tem.’’ :

THE EXCELSIOR CHESS CLUB
TO EXTEND ITS MEMBERSHIP

The Excelsior Chess Club, recently organ-
ized by several devotees of the game: is now
in a flourishing condition and expects to enroll
a sufficient number of beginners and others
to its roster to make the coming season a
record breaker in the art of scientific chess
playing. The dues are merely nominal, or
just sufficient to gather enough shekels to
provide a suitable prize for the winner of the
coming tourney.

All those who think they know how to
play chess are invited to join the knights of
the chessboard and show their skill. The
names of those desirous of membership may
be forwarded to B 7940, 6th Block, who is
the general manager of the organization,
and he will see that the communication re-
ceives attention.

The standing of the players in the tourna-
ment now in progress is as follows:

Won Lost Drawn Pet.
Harry 5 0 0 1600
Harold 2 3 0 .400
Joe 2 3 0 . 400
Carl 1 4 0 .200

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Thursday’s Game

Athletics vs. Ninth

Taursday’s game at the Garage grounds be-
tween the Athletics and Ninth developed into
a merry-go-round for the Athletics and final-
ly wound up with a score of 13—5 in their
favor. From the start all things seemed to
favor the latter team, and for that reason
the game was too much one-sided to be inter-
esting. Mack pitched for the Athletics,
striking out 8, walking 5 and allowing 4
hits. Reds and B 8601 were in the box for
the Ninth, and between them they struck
out 8, walked 3 and were found for 15 hits.

R Sasle;
Athletics 2.3 ibe1v0 A R0R00 01 S5 216200
Ninth, 150.0 1712 0.0 0=—b 4 2

Two-base hits—Spookie 2, Jacoby 2, D. C.,
Reds and B 8541.

Umpires—Jimmie and Denver.

Printers vs. Cubs

The Cubs proved too strong for the Print-
ers in the game played at the Storehouse

grounds on Thursday,winning the contest by
the score of 4—1. Mooney’s pitching for the
Cubs was of the best, and he succeeded in
striking out 15, with but 8 hits and 1 pass.
Boston’s curves were defective and he was
safely found for 7 hits, though he struck out
7. Mooney and Jordan added life to the game by
making home runs.

RECSEES= R
(Gub i 15002 100010 0=—4 3 7=
RPrinters S rs 100000000-1 3 0

Home runs—Mooney and Jcrdan.
Two-base hits— Harvey, Chick and Slim.
Umpires—Banks and Barrington.

Friday’s Games

Cubs vs. Ninth

The Cubs had a clean walk-over in the
game with the Nintb on kriday at the Garage
grounds. After one home run in the first in-
ning the Ninth didn’t get another look-in.
Mooney pitched a good game of ball for the
Cubs in which he struck out 14 and allowed
only 3 hits and 1 walk. Bluie was at the
mound for the Ninth and was found for 7 hits,
passing 5, with 5 strike-outs. Mooney started
with a home run.

RoE O EE
Cubs......... 90 0.2:.0:3 4.0 D11 = zas gy
Ninth....... £0.0000000— SRS

Home run— Mooney.
Two-base hits— Chick, Lucky and Softcoal.
Umpires—Jimmie and Denver.
Athletics vs. Printers
Starting off with 4 runs in the first round,
the Athletics had the Printers at their mercy

throughout the game played at the Store-

house grounds on Friday last. Billie and D.
C. each made clever home runs, and Rich-
mond’s double play added to the enlivening
features of the game. Jacoby pitched a good
game for the Athletics, striking out 10, pass-
ing 2 and allowing 4 hits. Boston’s work at
the mound did not prove effective, as he was
found for 11 hits, and walked 3, with 7strike-
outs.

RSl
IANGhletics oy = ASQ11 0 20 10— 108 11820
IPrintersi e 000010000—1 A= ]

Home runs— Billie and D. C.

Double play— Richmond.

Two-base hits—Smitiy, Mack, Hagy, D.C.,
Mickie, Spookie, Stump and Snookie.

Umpires—Banks and Barrington.

Monday’s Games

Cubs vs. Ninth

The Cubs had the game played with the
Ninths at the Garage grounds on Monday,

(Continued on page 4.)
