---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_150.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is aec-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer's number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, September 5, 1917.

A man 1s like a piece of silver; he may be of
some value to those about him by his ex—ete.

THE POWER WITHIN

It is not given- to every one to learn the
secret of life’s possibilities. But when we
do learn the principles of life and apply
them to our daily living, we are often sur-
prised at our success, and many things that
were previously thought most difficult seem
to become easy of accomplishment.

With the newly awakened serse of power
we feel that we have come into a knowledge
of hidden forces that will enable us to over-
come all obstacles and make our lives at
once successful and free from worry.

With the new sense of elation we feel
anxious to reach that state of mind where
we are not disturbed or annoyed by anything;
that peace and poise should give reign for
all time; but we are liable to forget that we
will never get anywhere on ‘‘flowery beds of
ease.”” We must still strive to do our best,
and keep everlastingly at it if we expect to
reach the desired end of our dreams.

We are apt to meet with annoying expe-
riences, of course; little ones that seem to
check our progress; but that should only
serve as an added stimulant to buoy us up
against the tide of opposition.

It is the little things that constantly come
before us that will try our faith in the newly
discovered forces of life, and if we have
faith, there need be no fear, no worry. We
will have power of accomplishment that will
level all the difficulties that may lie before
us.

““Every back is fitted to its burden,’’ it is
said. But it would be well to put it so that
every one might learn that the experience
needed for its proper adjustment is only to
be heard through the power of faith. Then
if we have ‘‘faith as a grain of mustard
seed,’” we need have no doubts about the fu-
ture and our strengih to overcon.e the t1y-
ing experiences that are bound to come into
our lives.

So let us cultivate faith—faith in God’s
power to give us strength of will to resist
and to overcome. We can not have too much
faith. Its all-abiding force will obliterate

THE UMPIRE

doubt, worry and fear, and we can truly say
that ‘‘this universe is for nothing else than
to succeed in.”’

THE HEART OF GOLD

Now and then one is tempted to indulge in
a fiery and sweeping denunciation of a large
group of humanity for a shortcoming which
suddenly flares in our sight and proves the
culminant exasperation.

We like to think the dealer has left a large
order of the milk of human kindness at our
door, that we are amazingly long-suffering
and beautifully reticent when all things go
as they shouldn’t. It is the other fellow
who is crabbed and cantankerous, the other
fellow who ‘‘tries it on’’ to see what we will
do. We'are indulgent to a fault, we believe,
in our attitude toward the egregious failings
of the rest of the race.

Look for gocdness instead of the contra-
ry and you will find it without the aid of a
handglass, says an editorial writer in the
Public Ledger. 1t is not rare; it is not hid-
den; it is all about you. Trust to a ‘‘snap’’
judgment of surfaces and you will be misled.
Inquire into the heart, as a botanist probes
the inner mystery of a flower, and you will
reach a different and a true conclusion.

Emerson tells us that we are entitled to be
judged by what we are at our best. We are
not always at our best. Neither do we dwell
on a mountain-top or attend a picnic or enjoy
a boat ride or swim or hunt all the time. Va-
cation days mean what they are tous because
they are inspiring interludes. They bring
the chance not just to rusticate or vegetate,
but to give exercises to our various hobby-
horses stabled so long. Then it is what we
choose to do, not what we must do. And if
a man deliberately chooses evil, when he has
the whole range of good and evil to select
from, verily his heart be gnarled and black.

The preponderance of goodness in this
world of ours is overwhelming. From the
way one sometimes hears a pessimist talk
one would think the western war front as
long as the equator, instead of about 390
miles in extent. Yes, there is war, and it is
all that it has been called. But there is also
the fight unending that every man is making
to bring himself to the end of his daysin the
consciousness of having played a man’s
part. If he gives up the struggle, his mis-
ery (if his conscience is not atrophied) is
acute.

Lose faith in the general decency, learn to
suspect human nature, and there is little fun
left in living. It is he who trusts, he who
gives credit for the best intentions, who
gets most satisfaction out of life’s journey
as he travels. 'If you would find the heart
of gold, you must be as ready to discover
that precious substance as yocu would be to
detect the baseness of lead, the common-
placeness of iron. v

Switzerland spends more on relief of poor
than any other country.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

THE FULL-BLOODED AMERICA

If a current report from Arizona is to be
credited, archaeologists have fcund ‘here the
remains of a race which existed far earlier
than had been supposed, says a writer in
the Ewvening Bulletin.

Up to this time the- researches into the
character of the early inhabitants of the
North American Continent had h-lted at the

-period of the Pueblo civilization, the Cliff

Dwellers, as they have been popularly known.
It was suspected that this civilization was
secondary, the hypothesis being that it com-
prised the remnants of a tribe which has
been driven into these canyon fastnesses by a
cruder, but more warlike race. Despite the
efforts of ethnologists, archaeologists and gec-
logists, however, there has been no proof in
support of this view, althougn it is obviously
plausible. :

But the new discoverer insists that he has
found the missing link—a race whose relics
are a thousand years old, and may be much
older. The evidences of its culture are said
to be abundant, and if his theory can be es-
tablished, it will throw a flood of light on the
prehistoric inhabitants of this continent.

This country is singularly lacking in sub-
stantial evidences of its ewrly habitants. In
part this may be due to the fact that, until
recently, there has been little attentiongiven
to systematic excavation, by which alone
results are achieved. Americans of wealth -
have lavished funds on expeditions to the
Cradle of Mankind, in Asia Minor, overlook-
ing the ethnological romance which lies at
our threshcld. Since the Great War has closed
these fields of research, itmay be hoped that
they will turn their enthusiasm to our own
Southwest in an endeavor to solve the inter-
esting problem —whether the American In-
dians were indigenous, or, if not, whence
they came.

THE NEW U-BOATS WELL ARMED

A naval authority says that the latest U-
boats carry two 5.9-inch long range rifles
mounted permanently on deck. They are
heavily coated with grease and no attempt is
made to slide them down into a hatch-cover-
ed recess before submerging.

The 5.9-inch gun has an effective range of
something more than nine thousand yards and
it fires a 100-pound shell—sharpnel or high
