---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_151.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

M

explosive, as the case may be, says the Sei-
entific American. Moreover, these latest
boats carry three inches of armor on the
conning tower and we are informed— though
we do not vouch for the truth of this—that
in some cases the armed conning tower has
been sufficiently enlarged to constitute a bar-
bette within which these powerful guns are
mounted.

Be this as it may, we ought to take time
by the forelock and mount on our new de-
stroyers, converted yachts and big patrol
boats, and, of course, uponour merchantmen,
the largest calibre gun that can be provided
and accommodated. Our long bl-calibre, 5-
inch gun is a splendid weapon for this work.
It has a very high velocity and flat trajec-
tory, a rapid rate of fire, great accuracy and
is a fair match for the German 5.9 gun.
Prudence and foresight suggest that our
Government should place orders for several
thousand of these guns, so that we may be
prepared to meet the increase in power of
submarine armament, which undoubtedly is
going to take place.

In a running fight between a merchant
ship and a submarine the balance of advan-
tage lies with the ship, and this for the fol-
lowing reasons: The merchant ship guns
fire from a much steadier platform; they
have a high command, the gunners are free
from the interference of breaking seas and
spray; and whereas a single well placed shot
will disable or sink the submarine, a mer-
chant ship might receive twenty such before
fatal injury was done to her engines or boil-
ers.

TAPPING A HIDDEN OCEAN

Among the many unsolved mysteries con-
cerning the interior of Mother Earth few are
more fascinating than those brought to light
by certain surprising experiences of drills of
deep wells. Although many people are not
aware of the fact, a large proportion of the
wells sunk to depths below 1,000 feet en-
counter large bodies of salt water, says a
writer in the N. Y. Tribune, the flow of
which may be so great that the driller re-
marks that he has struck the Gulf of Mexico or
some other immense body of salt water. The
salt water may even flow up out of the
mouth of the well, but more commonly it
rises in the well to the height of several hun-
dred feet above the bottom, and its supply is
so great that only a pump of enormous ca-
pacity can keep the well empty.

Where does the salt water come from? It
is often assumed that it fllls some immense
cavity or system of crevices, but in fact it is
generally contained in some bed of unusually
porous rock, like sandstone, in which the
pores, though minute, have an aggregate
volume or capacity of millions of cubic feet.

But one question is no sooner answered
than another one, more difficult arises, and
the question now is: How did the salt water
get into the porous rock? Has rain water

soaked far down in the earth and found some
bed of rock salt which it dissolved and there-
by become salty; or had the salt water some
source far within the earth, from which it
has arisen toward the surface, or is it the
water of some ancient ocean that filled the
pores of the sand and mud of its bed, which
in ages gone by became buried under sand
and mud that gradually accumulated on the
ocean bottom? :

The shells of sea animals found in lime-
stones and other hard rocks at the heart of
the continent show clearly that the ocean, in
some one or several remote ages, covered a
large part of the country, and it appears ex-
tremely probable that the salt water found in
the deep wells is really fossil sea water, en-
tombed in the sands and muds of former eons
and now brought to the surface by the drill,
which in innumerable places in thisand other
countries is being sunk to depths of 2,000,
3,000 and 4,000 feet and even down to depths
of nearly 7,500 feet, a depth rcached by a
very deep well which is still being drilled at
a place a little west of Pittsburg.

THE SONG OLD GLORY SINGS

What is the song Old Glory sings
When the wind goes roaring by

And the banner born of valor fiings
Itself against the <ky?

Know you the song it rustles out
To the time beat of the breeze?

'Tis the blended chord of a battle shout
Caught up between the seas.

Amid the smoke it rose and clung
To the blazing Stripes and Stars,

And it is the call the flag gave tongue
When rent by shrapnel sears.

It ripples out when the wind is high
As it did in days long gone.

The flag careens to the bending sky

_With its valiant shout ‘‘Come on!”’

That is the song Old Glory sings
In the battle glare of noon,

And the breath of wild war trumpets rings
In this defiant tune,

The hoarse hurrah, the vibrant cheer,
Have been woven in its folds,

And the piercing fife note, shrill and clear,
Is the song it holds.

What is the song Old Glory sings
When the breeze is soft and slow

And the banner curves and sways and swings,
All stately, to and fro?

Know you that song, all gentleness,
With its measures sweet and smooth,

When the old flag waves with a mild caress
In cadence made to soothe?

This is the song Old Glory sings
When its ripple siowly runs:

'Tis a song of peace on gentle wings,
A song of silent guns.

All jovful, too, that the stress is done
And the throbbing drumbeats cease;

'Tis a chant of victories long won,

A wondrous strain of peace.
—Chicago Daily News.

UTILIZING THE SUN’S HEAT

Now that the price of coal is going up in
an unprecedented way even in this country of
abundant coal production and is enormously
high in most of thecountries of Eurcpe, there
should be increased interest in the latest ex-
periments bearing upon the industrial utii-
ization of the sun’s heat. In an article pub-
lished in the last annuzl report of the Smith-
sonian Institution, a British engineer, A. S.
Ackermann, summarizes the results c¢f these
costly experiments. He brings down the
story to August, 1913. The war presumably
has interrupted the investigation, the most
successful experiments having been conduct-
ed near Cairo, Egypt.

Though the problem of utilizing solar heat
in place of coal has engaged scientific minds
at various times ever since the early part of
the seventeenth century, it is only within the
last fifteen years that really promising results
have been obtained. Today, according to Mr.
Ackermann, the problem is very nearly solved,
at least where sunshine is plentiful and coal
dear. Where, for example, coal cost as much
as $17 a ton—coal costsagreat deal more than
that today in Italy—it already pays to resort
to the latest method of using the sun’s rays
in the production of mechanical power. The
improved plant tested in Egypt in 1913 brought
results ten times as great as any that
had been previously obtained. The practical
side ef the problem is the proper concentra-
tion of solar heat. This requires absorbers,
reflectors, mirrors, lenses and other appara-
tus at once complex and extensive. All the
necessary, apparatus, however, has been great-

1y simplified by ingenious engineers, and

further simplification is said to be reasonably
certain.

NEW METHOD OF EXTRACTING OIL
WINS PARDON

It is announced in a Carson .City, Nev.,
dispatch that the discovery of a new process
for extracting oil from shale has won a par-
don for A. H. Crane, who was serving a
term in the State prison for burglary.

Being of an ambitious term of mind Crane
determined to devote all his spare time to
chemistry with the result that he recently
announced that he had found a process by
which oil could be extracted from shale at
small cost. The warden of the prison called
his process to the attention of the Govern-
ment, which sent an expert to investigate
it.

The investigator pronounced Crane’s pro-
cess a success, so he was granteda pardon by
the parole boardin order that he may perfect
his process and superintend the erection of
an extraction plant. The Federalexpert told
the parole board that Crane’s method of ex-
tracting oil from shale will be of almost in-
calcuable value to the Government

Some people never see the way because they
will not face aboeut.
