---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_152.jpg
---
4

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

W L5 " Pet? Wt oS Bets
Cubs 43 18 1705 | Athletics 28 34 451
Ninth 31 31 500 | Printers 21 40 344
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
W L. Pct | W i Pet:
New York 82 48 631 Chicago 68 68 500
Philies OB 562 Brooklyn 62 66 484
St. Louis 74 €2 544 | Boston 50 70 449
Cincinatti 68 68 E00 . Pittsburg 43 88 328
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
WERTSE . WSS Pet:
Chicago OIS N6 59 New York 63 69 477
Boston 81 51 614 | Washingt'n 61 70 466
Cleveland {362 i St. Louis H2 NSRS
Detroit 68 67 504 ' Athletics 47 83 362

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The week in H. F. C. circles was a decid-
edly dull one. The Secretary declares upon
his sacred honor—which it would be treason
to doubt—and observation confirms it, that
nothing worthy of publication occurred at the
Board of Governors’ or Delegates’ meetings
during the week, while as for Saturday—
well, we are by nature an optimist, always
turning our dark clouds inside out that® we
may gloat over the silver lining; but we must
confess our total inability to say anything
good about Saturday. We might sing the
return of the beans, but that is hardly an
Honor Club affair; so we will conteat our-
selves with saying that there was but one
bright spot in the whole dreary day, and
allow our readers to draw their own conclu-
sions.

Frankly, it was a cold, wet, and dreary
day, and it deserved everything the 1st Sec-
tion said of it when they learned that, owing
to the hall being unready for use, as well as
to inability to provide a show on so short
notice, they would be deprived of their hal*-
holiday. It was irritating, no doubt, but
when we consider the long line of sunny Sat-
urdays that graced the summer, and the
many enjoyable hours spent in the open air,
with musie, and baseball, and ice-water, cro-
quet and chess, and checkers, and conversa-
tion, and many other things not mentioned in
the prospectus, to while away the time, it is
really hard to blame the weather man for his
momentary neglect of our interests. Anyway,
there was a lot of bead-work and knitting
done which might otherwise have been lost
to the world, and probably the fish needed
the rain. Optimism always wins.

Mr. Kraupa and Hon. Jimmie Mulligan
were in Saturday afternoon, and with the
President, spent an hour with the Vice-Pres-
ident in his apartments on the 11th Block
talking over plans for the coming winter
season. Mr. Kraupa was as kindly and so-
licitous for our interests as ever, but he re-
grets that an increasing stress of work will

probably prevent his taking any active part

THE UMPIRE

in furnishing us entertainment during the
coming winter. But we can rely upon him
doing all he can to brighten things up for us.
He’s that kind of a man.

We are unable as yet to give full details of
the coming entertainments, but motion pic-
tures are practically assured, which we are
sure will be good news for all. It will be
good to see ‘‘Doug’s’’ antics once again.
Work on titting up the Hall for the winter
will be started the present week, and every-
thing possible will be done to make the ap-
proaching season even more of a success than
the last, which was so much of a success,
that we hear that some of those who were
present last winter, and liked it, are already
coming back, so to be sure not to miss the
Opening Day; but this might be idle rumor,
such as the report that the ushers will wear
a distinctive uniform this season, which we
condemn atonce asa campaign misstatement;
also there are no jobs as scene-shifters to be
had, report to the contrary notwithstanding.

The croquet grounds still continue to be
a center of interest on all week days, as the
older inmates gather there for a trial of their
skill at the national game of—? We’ll have
to refer this to the Information Bureau.
Some have sneered at it as an old maids’
game, but we notice they’re quick to accept
an invitation to play. Marvellous to relate,
convenient as the mallets are for an offen-
sive, there have been noheads broken as yet;
though frequently a wordy war is waged,
with loud assertions such as ‘‘You never
touched it!”” and ‘I did so!”’ filling the air.

But the ground-keepers are always about
to prevent an insurrection becoming a riot,
and soon ‘‘all’s quiet along the Potomac’’ or,
speaking exactly, the 12th Block once more.
It’s a great game, and fills a long-felt want
in providing diversion for the aged inmates,
and also for those of the younger element,
who are too inflrm or dignified to venture on
the ballfield.

Little Jimmy Double-O is rapidly becominga
proficient at the game, and he can now chase
a bali with some certainty of success, though
we must confess that he generally steps on it
when he does reach it and heexecutes adonb.e
fall that would be a credit to any circus.
Perhaps his worst fault is a disposition to
eat the ball, instead of playing with it, and
only the watchful presence of his nurse has
several times prevented a calamity.-

Pete and the boys are working hard for the
benefit of the Women’s Auxiliary in an ef-
fort to raise the present low state of funds
in their treasury. We are pleased to note
that some of the boys have responded admi-
rably, and anyway, a dime given toward this
good work, for such a good cause, will make
you feel as if you have done something. Come
on, boys; wake up! You know the state of
our own treasury, so try to help the ladies
towards having one as near like it as possi-
ble. Sometimes they too have a member
who needs financial help, and if they have

“—_——___‘—_—__—_h

the means, they can accomplish just what
we accomplish when a brother member’s
family need help in this way.

Some of these women are artists with the
needle, and the results, in the shape of beau-
tiful neckties, handkerchiefs and sleeve-
holders, are ready, for sale at almost the
actual cost of the material used in their
composition. Also any other piece of fancy-
work that some of the boys would like to
have made for themselves or for presents to
the dear ones at home. Just send all your
orders to Pete.and he will see that you are
supplied with any of the above articles at
short notice.

We would like to have the Women’s Aux-
iliary of the 2nd Block see the moving-pic-
ture shows this winter. We know they would
appreciate this and hope to accommodate
them. So have patience, girls, and we will
do all we can for you. We hope for better
days in the future for us all.

The First Section will have another chance
next Saturday, September 15th, coming out
as follows: 1B, 9B, 10 B, 8B, 6 B, 6 G, 12
B, 12-1 G, 12-2 G, 11 B.

—B 8266.

(Continued from page 1.)

well in hand from the start, with an opening
of 5 runs in *he first round. Mooney pitched
a fine game of ball for the Cubs and held his
opponents down to 3 hits, striking out 17.
Reds was at the mound for the Ninth and
struck out 12, passed 8 and allowed 4 hits.
Chick’s three-base hit featured.

I3hs ABE E.
Cubisiese = 50000100 0-5 L2
0020000002 3l
Three-base hit— Chick.
Two-base hits—Eddie and Wllhamsport
Umpires—Banks and Barrington.

Athletics vs.

Things seemed to favor the Athletics after
the first inning, in the game played with the
Printers at the Storehouse grounds on Mon-
day afternoon, and finally resulted in their
favor by the score of 9—2. Charlie No. 1

Printers

-was in the box for the Athletics, and struck

out 7, walked 2, with 7 hits. Bobbie pitched
for the Printers, with 7 strike-outs, 6 passes
and 6 hits recorded. A three-base hit by
Spookie enlivened the game.

Athletics....... OO 1ESl =4 D)

Printers......... 0200000
Three-base hit—Spookie.
Two-base hits—Stump and Slim.
Umpires—Jerry and Denver.

Those who were instrumental in passing the
Federal migratory bird law in 1913 may well
feel proud of themselves, bird census data
indicating an increase of from 10 to 100per
cent. in the water fowl breeding in a number
of specially examined localities.
