---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_153.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, September 19, 1917

NO. 37

U. S. ARMY HAS 1,074,146
MEN READY TO FIGHT

In a Washington despatch of recent date,
a correspondent says that owing to the be-
lief that the country does not understand the
real strength of the American naval and
military forces, Chairman Dent, of the
House Military Committee, submitted to the
House for publication in the Congressional
Record a statement prepared at his request
by the Committee on Public Information
from Government records.

The statement shows that ‘‘on September
14, 1917, there were in the Regular Army,
National Guards, and Reserve Corps of the
Army 78,828 officers and 741,053 enlisted men.
In the Navy there were 141,867 enlisted men,
41,473 naval reserves and 14,500 of the naval
militia in the Federal service. There were
5,000 men in the coast guard and 6,500 in the
hospital corps, meking a total of 209,340.
Enlisted strength of the Marine Corps was
29,971; reserves in the services, 1,070; na-
tional naval volunteers, 704; retired men on
active duty, 14. There were approximately
12,000 officers in the Navy and 1,166 in the
Marine Corps.

“This would indicate that on that date
the Army had, including officers and enlisted
men, 819,881, and the Navy 254,265, making
a total armed strength of 1,074,146 men, all
of whom are volunteers. Prior to that time
there was not a drafted soldier in a single
training camp. The draft law was approved
May 18, 1917.”’

DISTINGUISHED VISITOR AD-
DRESSES E. S. P. INMATES

Mr. C. H. Howard, president of the Common-
wealth Steel Company, and a prominent resi-
dent of St. Louis, Mo., paid a visit to this
institution on Saturday last, and after a tour
through the various blocks, expressed him-
self as pleased with arrangements provided
for the inmates.

The principal purpose of Mr. Howard’s
visit was to address a meeting of the H. &
F. Club members at the Industrial building.
On being introduced to the men by Mr. John
McKenty as a friend from afar who had a
message of cheer and encouragement for
them, he was greeted with a round of hearty
applause.

Mr. Howard said that he was pleased to
be present and have the opportunity to say a
few words of encouragement to the assem-
blage, expressing a hope that all would take
courage and endure their present misfortune
in a proper spirit and with a desire to lead a

new, well governed life in the future, and
‘“‘make good.”’

Mr. Howard’s address was absorbingly in-
taresting and well punctuated with pleasing
anecdotes of prominent men of this country,
which clearly showed his marked ability as a
wit and an interesting speaker.

Lack of space in our columns will not per-
mit a full text of Mr. Howard’s discouse be-
ing printed. But we .do not hesitate to de-
clare that Mr. Howard won a warm place in
the hearts of all who were present at the
meeting. — EDITOR.

BALL GAMES

OF THE WEEK
Wednesday's Games

Printers vs. Ninth

Good fortune favored the Printers in their
game with the Ninth at the Garage grounds
on Wednesday last, as the Ninth seemed un-
able to grasp the chance to score when the
opportunity was offered them. Charlie No. 2
was in the box for the Ninth and struck out
10, passed 2, with 5 hits scored. Bobbie’s
work at the mound was rather erratic, as he
was found for 13 hits, walked 2 and
struck out 10. B 7576 made a slick home

run.

RERIATH
Erinfersie [H0L0108Z 208080 cR 5 ]
Ninth............ 100 GE0S 00RO AN 135

Cubs vs. Athleties

Holding the Athletics down to one hit, the
Cubs found it an easy task to shut out their
opponents from making a run. Harvey was
at the mound for the Cubs and struck out 7,
allowing only 1 hit. Mack pitched for the
Athletics, striking out 6, walking 5, with 2
hits scoring. The game was enlivened by
Spookie’s three-base hit.

IR, 18L 18:
GrubsW i 000011000-2 2 1
Athletics........ 000000GO0—-0 b
Thursday’s Game -
Printers vs. Cubs
The Printers played another postponed

game with the Cubs at the Storehouse grounds
on Thursday, winning an easy victory over
their opponents with a final score of 6-2.
Boston did well at the mound for the Print-
ers, striking out 11, with only 2 hits and 2
passes issued. Bud pitched for the Cubs,
but proved easy for the Printers, as they
found him for 7 hits. He struck® out 3 and

walked 3. Chick made a well-timed double
play.

RESeH SO R
Brinters. s SR 0- 000101 0—6 "7 =0
Gubstram o et 0L 00000102 el

- ally failed to soothe.

Friday’s Games
Printers vs. Ninth

The Printers-Ninth game played at the
Garage grounds on Friday developed into
another victory for the former team by the
score of 5-2. Boston was at the mound for
the Printers and he succeeded in holding down
his opponents to-2 hits, striking out 6 and
passing 4. Reds pitched for the Ninth and
struck out 8, walked 2 and allowed 4 hits.
Tony made a clever double play.

R
Printers oo ISR OS2SR0
02000000

Umpires—Sam and Denver.

Athletics vs. Cubs

The game played at the Storehouse grounds
on Friday between the Athletics and Cubs
was won by the former team owing to two
errors made at critical moments by the Cub
players. Charlie No.1 pitched good ball for
the Athletics, striking out 10 with 1 pass
and 2 hits allowed. Harvey did mound duty
for the Cubs, and was found for 5 hits,struck

o & I

0—5
(=

out 6 and passed 1. Jordan and D.C. each
made double plays.

R =it
Athletics...... OE0TOZIE1 SN OS0S0==SSE8s 1
Cubst: . 120050 0R 0T 0R030-50 2 2

Umpires— Banks and Barrington.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

When the members of the First Section
arose from their downy (?) beds on the morn-
ing of Saturday last and heard the steady
roll of the rain on their skylights, their hopes
of an afternoon’s outing wereof the gloomiest.
Everybody who could hurried to Pete to
find out if there was anything ‘‘doing,’’and his
invariable reply, up to the time he was driven
into hiding, was ‘‘not a thing,”” which natur-
But just when the
gloom was the thickest, our President came
forward and announced the boys would go
out, if he had to do a *‘ turn ’’in person, and,
speaking parenthetically, he was right there
with a monologue, and a ‘‘hot’’ one too, andin a
very brief space of time he had secured a
““Speaker of the Day,”” had enlisted Mr.
Kraupa, and had literally saved the situation.
If Belgium should ever happen to need help
again, and Hoover isn’t available, let ’em
send for Rube.

By 1:30 o’clock the hall was in readiness,
and was soon filled with an eager and expect-
ant audience. The President opened the pro-
ceedings with a speech from the Throne—we
beg pardon, the stage—and talking straight

(Continued on page 4.)

