---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_154.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

_-—“_—__-_'—___—__———

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, September 19, 1917.

It ought to be our endeavor to conquer our-
selves, and daily to wax stronger.

AN UNDESIRABLE HABIT

Beyond doubt cynicism is a killing habit of
the mind, and to the man who expects to
make a success of life it may prove his un-
doing. He will eventually find himself in
bad standing with those who he has to work,
and with his other associates; for no one
likes a man who never sees a good motive in
any thing.

The type of person who constantly looks
“for a self-seeking motive in another; in any
kind act of those with whom he comes in
business or social contact, whose pet phrase
when credit is given to another for what
seems like a thoughtful aor generous act, is
invariably, ‘‘Oh yes; but what is there in it
for him?”’ is far from being on the'road to
popularity among his associates or others.
People will turn a cold shoulder to the man
who persists in so doing, and will eventually
avoid him altogether.

Unfortunately there are a number of such
‘people in the world, who think it smart to
hold this cynical attitude of false cleverness.
It is certain that ‘‘those who are truly
wise and those who are truly loving
are never cynical.”” To belittle «nd misprise
others, especially those who are doing great-
er and better things than yourself, is an all
too common form of bumptiousness that is
disgusting. If you ean’t climb up beside the
great and the good, it is a mighty small
minded person that constantly endeavors to
‘draw them down to his own low level.

In any walk of life such a person is any-
thing ‘but welcome, for they may ruin the
peace of home or office, and can take the
heart out of another not strong enough to
overcome the poison of the serpent tongue.

If one be beset by this cynical habit, by
all means root it out, for it will do you no
end of harm in the long run. Just because
a sceptical remark may bring a smile from
the bystander, don’t imagine that you are
thought well of for making it. For as a fact
you are not. Rather the opposite is sure to
be engendered. And who wants to be dis-

liked?

STATISTICAL STUDY OF JUVENILE
OFFENDERS

It has been announced for the first time
since the Children’s Court in the city of New
York was established ‘a study was made in
1916, of the offenders under probation, as to
their social status and proneness to crime.
The results of the study have been recently
disclosed by the presiding Justice of the
Court, Franklin C. Hoyt, in which he says:

““Thievery is the most common offense
among juveniles, according to the returns of
Bernard J. Fagan, the chief probation officer.
Of 3,413 male offenders to whom probation
was applied 895 had been charged with petit
larceny, and 841 others of burglary; 257 com-
mitted assault, 136 of grand larceny and 152
committed unlawiul entry;38 were alleged to
have done burglary. Not including the as-
sault cases, a certain number of which were
with intent to rob, the instances of thievery
of one kind or another totaled 2,162.

““Of the 66 girl offenders under probation,
3 had committed burglary, 11 grand larceny,
24 petit larceny and 1 unlawful entry.

*‘Of 5,474 probationers, including the ju-
venile delinquents, 4,034 had no previous
court or institution record, 981 had been ar-
rested before and discharged or fined, 459
had previously been under institutional care,
198 of the offenders were on probation when
arrested, and 543 had been previously on
probation.

‘“The 5,474 probationers divided by birth
as follows: Native born, of native parents,
1,447, native born, of foreign parents, 8,074;
foreign born, of foreign parents 953.

“Of the first class 84 per cent. were white

“and 16 per cent. black.

“Of the second class, 1,169 were Italians,
523 Irish, 465 Russian, 815 Austrian, 280
German, 69 Scandinavian, 36 Balkans.

“‘Of the third class—foreign born children
of foreign parents, 367 were Italians, 335
Russian, 96 Austrians, 30 Balkans, 23 English,
16 Irish, 21 Germans, 6 Scandinavians.

““In the second and third classes the relative
standing of the nationalities was practically
the same among both girls and boys.

““‘In the three classes the proportion of the
sexes was as follows: Firstclass, 1,181 boys,
266 girls; second class, 2,652 boys, 422 girls;
third class, 869 boys, 84 girls.

‘‘According to these figures, 22.5 per cent.
of the native born probationers of foreign
parents were girls, and but 9.6 per cent. of
the foreign born probationers of foreign par-
entage were girls.

“In 3,530 of the 5,474 cases, the parents of
the probationers were living together; in 783
the father was dead; in 548 the mother was
dead; in 142 both parents were dead. In 1.4
per cent. of the cases the father had deserted
the children; in but 0.2 per cent. the mother
had deserted; in only 0.1 per cent. had both
parents deserted. In 4.1 per cent. the par-
ents were separated; in 0.6 per cent. the par-
ents were not married; and in 1.1 per cent.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at fhe Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

of the cases one or both of the parents were
in institutions.

'BREAD UPON THE WATERS

Please do not say any more that dough cast
upon the hoboes will not return after many
days. The contrary has been proved, says
a writer in the Evening Telegraph. All scepti-
cism on that score has been effectively ex-
ploded, and Mrs. Mattie Hannum, of Vincen-
nes, Ind; has a fine $27,000 lump of the dough
commodity to back up the time-honcred
axiom.

Thirty years ago a tramp timidly knocked
on Mattie’s back door and asked for bread.
Instead of calling Towser or exercising the
garden hose, as some people are wont to do,
the kindly housewife obliged with a sandwich
from the best loaf in her larder and a cup of
coffee to match.

Even as the bread entered the tramp’s
mouth it also become impressed on his mind,
and he rever forgot it. A short time ago he
died, and all of the $27,000 he had garnered
in the intervening years was placed in the
hand that had fed him.

And yet 1t might be well to hesitate before
trying to emulate the good woman’s beauti-
ful heart. The daily average is about twelve
hoboes for every back door during the hunger
season, and it is quite likely that one would
have to give away much more than $27,000
in bread before finding another tramp like
Mattie’s.

" THE BEST HUMOR

““I have said myself somewhere. I do not
know with what correctness (for definitions
never are complete), that humeor is wit and
love; I am sure at anyrate,”” Thackeray says
in his lecture on ‘‘Charity and Humor,”’
‘‘that the best humor is that which contains
most humanity, that which is flavored through-
out with tenderness and kindness. This love
does not demand constantutterance or actual
expression, as a good father, in conversation
with his children or wife, is not perpetually
embracing them, or making protestations of
his love; . it sets the father cheerily to
work through the long day, supports him
through the tedious labor of the weary ab-
sence or journey, and sends him happy home
again, yearning toward the wife and children.
