---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_155.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

=

This kind of love is not a spasm but alife. . .
And so with a loving humor: I think, it is a
genial writer’s habit of being; it is the kind
gentle spirit’s way of looking out on the
‘world—that sweet friendliness, which fills
his heart and his style. You recognize it,
even though there may not be a single point
of wit, or a single pathetic touch in the page;
though you may not be called upon to salute
his genius by a laugh or a tear. That collision
of ideas which provokes the one or the other
must be occasional. And so the writer’s
jokes and sentiments, his ebullitions of feel-
ing, his outbreaks of high spirits, must not
be too frequent. One tires of a page of which
every sentence sparkles wich points, of a
sentimentalist who is always pumping the
tears from his eyes or your own. One sus-
pects the genuineness of the tear, the nat-
uralness of the humor; these ought to be
true and manly in a man, as everything else
in his life should be manly and true; and he
loses his dignity by laughing or weeping out
of place or tco often.”

GOOD ADVICE TO BOYS

A prominent educator avers that every boy
should finish his school course.. We shall
secure more men under the draft than we
can arm at the present time.

The individual obligation on the part of
each and every citizen for service is mani-
fest, but boys should remember that they
are now serving in the best possible wey by
preparing themselves to serve more efficiently
when the time comes. What we want now is
for the boy in school or college to finish his
education in order that we may have each
year a dependable output of well-educated
and well-trained young men.

It is a great mistake for partly educated
young men to rush to the colors now. We
don’t need them. It is very important they
should finish their education.

BLACK WALNUT

War has sent up the price of black walnut
lumber needed in the manufacture of gun
stocks, and the demand for wood, scarce and
high in cost even fifteen years ago, is fast
using up the available supply in this coun-
try. It is seldom quoted today in lumber
‘lists and only a few lumber yards and mills
carry a limited amount in stock. Ior ordi-
nary commercial uses the wood is too high
in price to be considered.

‘Brokers through whom the supply is ob-
tained have agents scouring the country for
black walnut trees. A single tree of this
species can be sold for a good price, and it
will be removed, roots and all, to be cut up
for gun stocks. The stump will not be over-
looked, for from this part of the tree comes
the curly-grained wood which makes the
handsomest gun stocks. A grove of Dblack
walnut trees represents a small fortune.

About the only black walnut trees avail-

able now are those on farms and private es-
tates and they are fast disappearing. The
wood is hard and takes a high polish, quali-
ties which make it desirable for the use to
which it is put. Manufacturers have not
found a wood to take its place satisfactorily.

Some of the black walnut used is obtained
from old furniture or wainscoting, stairways
and interior trim of dwellings cr churches.
Many years ago black walunt was used ex-

tensively in the manufacture of the best

grades of furniture, and in old churches pews
and pulpits made of it can be found today.
The demand for the wood is gradually caus-
ing them to disappear.

THIS IS MY TASK

When the whole world resounds with rude
alarms :
Of warring arms,
When God’s good earth, from border unto
border,
Shows man’s disorder,
Let me not waste my dower of mortal might
In grieving over wrongs 1 can not right.
This is my task: Amid discordant strife
To keep a clean, sweet center in my life,
And though the human orchestra may be
Playing out of key,
To tune my soul to symphonies above
And sound the note of love.
This is my task.
When, by the minds of men, most beaut:.ous
Faith
Seems doomed to death,
And to her place is hoisted, by soul-treason
The dullard Reason, :
Let me not hurry forth with flag unfurled
To proselyte an unbelieving world.
This is my task: In depths of
night,
Or in diverting and distracting light,
To keep (in crowds or in my room alone)
Faith on her lofty throne,
And whatsoever happen or befall,
To see God’s hand in all.
-This is my task.

unstarred

When, in church pews, men worship (zod in
words,
But meet their kind with swords;
When fair Religion, stript of holy passion,
Walks masked as Fashion,
Let me not wax indignant at the sight
Or waste my strength bewailing her sad
plight.
This is my task: To search in my own mind
Until the qualities of God 1 fird;
To seek them in heart of friend and foe,
Or high or low,
And in my hours of toil or prayer or play,
To live my creed each day.
This is my task.
—FElla Wheeler Wilcox.

INSECT INGENUITY

There is no better place than a garden to
study insects. The dark-colored beetle—the

oil-beetle—may be observed, and as soon as

‘the bees' come the larva of this beetle con-

trives to get upon a bee’s body, so as to be
carried away to the bee’s home, where it feeds
upon the food there and eventually leaves as
a perfect beetle.

Other kinds of beetles act as grave-dig-
gers; certain ants keep a dairy; and there are
masons, carpenters and upholsterers among the
bees. The mason-bee constructs its cell of
mortar. By dropping saliva on bits of earth
and mixing both together it pounds the mixture
into a sort of cement. It works this into the
shape of a mould, inside which the female
deposits her egg. Several such mortar cells
may often be found lying close together.

The carpenter-bee makes its house on de-
cayed wood, and lines it with pieces of leaves
which it cuts off in the form of a circle and
adjusts so skilfully that its nest is made water-
tight without any coating. A very ingeniously-
constructed home is also that of the uphol-
sterer-bee, which dexterouly cuts out the pe-
tals of the half-expanded flowers of a poppy.
It then strengthens the folds and fits them
so that a splendid tapestry overhangs the
walls of its home in which the honey is de-
posited.

RESOURCEFUL ALASKA

When anything in the mineral line is need-
ed, look for it in Alaska. The wonderful re-
sources of that interesting possession of the
United States have been a source of increas-
ing' profit to Americans almost from the
moment when the land of ice and polar bears
came under the folds of the Stars and
Stripes.

The latest sensation in mining circles is the
discovery of platinum in Alaska by Doctor
Herschel C. Parker, of New York. It comes
at a time when the supply commercially
available is at the point of exhaustion and
when operations in the Ural Mountains, from
which most of the platinum has ceme hereto-
fore, are at a standstill because of political
conditions in Russia.

If the Alaskan deposits ave sufficient to
meet the war needs of the allies, Doctor
Parker’s discovery will be regarded as pro-
vidential.

PRISONERS BUILDING CHURCH

A correspondent from Sunbury, Pa., an-
nounces that owing to the shortage in the
labor market at that place, the situation is
being met in an unusual way, in the building
of the new $50,000 St. John’s Methodist Epis-
copal Church. Across the street is the
Northumberland County Prison, with fifty
idle convicts. By arrangement with Warden
Barr, the more trusted ones are allowed to
work on the job. The men eat and sleep in
the jail, and it is said that they are allowed
$2.50 a day, the same as paid other work-
men, and have done satisfactory work, ac-
cording to the boss.
