---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_156.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

—__———_—_—_—M

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING

Wl L Bet; W. i Lo "Bet
Cubs 48 20 206 Ninth SIREES G463
Athleties 33 35 475 Printers 24 43 355
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
3 Wit . Pet WA S Pets
New York 90 49 647 Chicago 1T 500
Philies (5O 566 Brooklyn 63 AT
St. Louis 76 66 535 Boston 60 75 444
Cincinatti 72 71 503 | Pittsburg A6 OIS S
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
Wil SSP et WS == Pety
Chicago 94 48 662 Washingt’'n 65 71 478
Boston BARE53613 New York 66 73 475
Cleveland SRR 63553 St. Louis 52 90 366
Detroit 70 72 493 | Athletics 49 88 358

(Continued from page 1.)

from the shoulder, as it were, told the mem-
bers present, and it applies to the absent
as well, exactly what was expected of them.
Rube isn’t one to mince words, and in plain,
forceful language he served notice on the
disorderly element that they weren’t going to
be allowed to interfere with the pleasure of
the others; that an offender would be imme-
diately interned, and not for a week or so,but
for the season; that the members were ex-
pected to be on their best behavior, and that
those having their own peculiar ideas of hu-
mor, would be allowed to remain in a place
where their innocent(?) fun wouldn’t bother
any one but themselves. Léaving each one
of his hearers thorougnly impressed with
the idea that if he didn’t behave, something
would certainly ‘‘get’” him, the President
yielded the stage to Pete, who said a f:w
words. Then Professor Weigandt, with one
wave of his baton transported us all to a
fairyland of music; we don’t know what it
was they played; our musical knowledge
doesn’t extend very far, and it may have
been anything between ‘Overture,”’ and
‘““Taps,’” but whatever be its name, it was
very, very good, and caused us for the mo-
ment to forget our troubles. We have hopes
that the Professor will some day cause us
to forget our ‘‘time.’’ .

The Midnight Quartette (B 8354, 8524, 8390,
7553) filled in an awkward pericd of waiting
by singing ‘‘My Mother’s Rosary’’ in amanner
which earned them an encore. More music,
and then, just as the audience was expecting
the worst,appeared ‘‘Hon.’’ Jimmy Mulligan,
with his little bundle of ‘‘reel”” stufi; closely
followed by Mr. Kraupa, whose reception
should leave no doubt in azny mind whether
or no we appreciate his splendid and unself-
ish work for us. Ovation with a capital O is
the only word that describes it. He was es-
corted to the stage, and in a few words
charged with feeling expressed his thanks,
and tried unsuccessfully to ‘‘pass the buck’’
by blaming it all on Rube, but we only liked
him all the more for his modesty.

Then it was ‘‘Lights out!”” and ‘‘Down in
front!’”” and soon everybody was absorbed in
watching the flickering life on the screen.

-church.

The offering was a flve-reel comedy entitled

““The Marriage Bond,”” with Nat Goodwin
- in the stellar role.

And Nat, who perhaps
holds the amateur record in the making and
breaking of such bonds; with a perfect
‘“‘score’’ of five and a few ‘‘assists’’ was in his
element.

It was very funny in spots, and replete
with thrills from start to finish; the jail and
court-room scenes, in particular, awakening
much interest, they being so- true to life—
and us. By the way, Mr. Kraupa announced
that he hoped to be able to show us in the
near future the much talked of feature pic-
ture, ““The Honor System.’’ .

After two reels of the picture had been
run off a halt was called, and Mr. Johnny
McKenty, in a neut little speech, introduced
the gentleman who had so kindly consented
to address us, Mr. Clarence Howard, of St.
Louis, a prominent steel man, and a real
philanthropist in every sense of the word,
and not a poser. We know from personal
observation of his really sincere interest in
us, and any man of those present on Satur-
day afternoon whom his talk didn’t help, is
beyond helping. Our President admitted in
his speech of thanks, that it had helped him,
and who are we if we don’t back up our
President? There was nothing dull about
his talk. He had the attention of his audi-
ence from the start, and held it to the fin-
ish. ‘Then A 8432, our Vice-President, to
great applause, pinned a Club button on his
coat, making him an honorary member of
the H. F. C.

The theme of his address was “Fellow-
ship,’” which is just friendship under anoth-
er name, and its great advantages; and he
pointed his morals with many a merry tale,
which kept his hearers in high good humor.
He spoke of his own early struggles, and as-
sured us that success can come only from
constant endeavor; that no man ever made
a success of life by lying in bed and wishing
for work. He told us by implication of his
own great success, speaking of his intima-
cies with the great men of the nation, and
we thought of the Bible verse, ‘‘Seest thou
a man diligent in business; he shall stand
before kings; he shall not stand before mere
men.’’ ‘

He spoke of sending an inlaid box and tray
made by an inmate of this institution, to
President Wilson, as an earnest of our so
overcoming circumstance. He closed his ad-
dress with the telling illustration of the rich
woman in heaven—how she got there doesn’t
matter—who was being shown about by the
usher in charge. Nalurally, the first thing
she wished tu see was the mansion prepared
for her, and the angel assented to her re-
quest, but instead of stopping on the Fifth
Avenue of the city, as she confidently ex-
pected, the way led to the slum district, and
he pointed out a miserable log cabin as her
future dwelling place. She was very indig-
nant. ‘‘“Why, I'm Mrs. So-and-so, of such a
I was on this-and-that committee.

I gave money to the poor, and the Belgians,
etc. You can’t mean that for me. You’ll
find there’s some mistake.”” But the angel
sorrowfully shook his head. ‘‘Madam,’’ he
said, ‘I was on the building committee, and
we had the very greatest difficulty in making
even the hut you see from the materials you
sent us. True you gave your money, but
you never gave jyourself, and nothing else
avails.”’

Mr. Howard begged us all to be helpful,
to give the helping hand and the cheering
word and smile that is of far more value
than money, and we would bless ourselves in
the giving. He was reluctant to close, and
told us he could talk to us for a week, and
we were unanimously agreed that we could
listen for the same time, and let the others
drink the soup. He made a deep impression
with his little talk, and we extend him a
hearty invitation in the name of the Club to
come again and give the Second Section a
chance. We sincerely thank him for his
work on Saturday. -

We also wish to state that Mr. Kraupa
paid A 8432, Vice-President, a visit on Sun-

“day, and brought a friend of his, a Mr. Thom-

as with him. You boys undoubtedly know
who Charlie ‘‘Chaplin’’ is, and knowing him
you will know Mr. Thomas.

After talking awhile in Pete’s room on the
11th Block, they left to explore the institu-
tion. Mr. Thomas was very much impressed
by what he saw and heard of our Honor and
Friendship Club. He visited all parts of the
institution that would be of any interest to
him, and he was also showed our little the-
ater where we have our shows on Saturday
afternoon, and after making a great many
complimentary remarks, he was heard to
have said, ‘‘that a great many theaters up-
State would not mind boasting of half of
what we have.”” He promised to send us in
some good reels of pictures, so you may as
well get ready for a good time. Mr. Thomas
knows how to pick films all right. When he
was told that eight hundred inmates are giv-
en entertainment in the hall or yard he was
astonished, and his praise of the trade and
letter schools was boundless. He was pleased
beyond measure with the delightful half-
hour spent within our gates, and more so
with such able guides as Mr. Kraupa and
Pete to show him the ropes. His hearty
praise of Warden Robert J. McKenty, and
Reuben C. McKenty, was a delight to hear,
and he only knows how we appreciate those
privileges. He also thought that it was a
very fine thing to provide pastime for the
old members of the Club, in the shape of
croquet, checkers, dominoes, chess, and
ring-toss, and the other amusements provid-
ed for their recreation. Taking all in all he
was a very delighted man with all thathe saw
and heard of our life while exiled from so-
ciety. Next Saturday the second Section
will have their inning as follows:

4-3-5 B, 5-4 G, 7 B, 7G. —B 8266
