---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_157.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

Philadelphia, September 26, 1917

PRISON RELIEF SOCIETY’S
WORK IS A SUCCESS

A New York correspondent informs us
that Miss Letha Watts, of Huntingdon,
W. Va., who is actively engaged in relief
work of the Prisoners’ Relief Society, is the
first woman who has ever addressed the
Rotary Club of New York. Miss Watts told
the members of the club at their luncheon in
the Hotel McAlpin, recently, how her so-
ciety has restored many ex-convicts to re-
spectability and law-abiding lives.

She cited a number of incidents to illus-
trate the success of the relief work, men-
tioning the case of one man who got a posi-
tion through the efforts of the society,
bought a Liberty bond and a violin, and fin-
ished paying for his home, all within one
‘year after his release.

“There are 50,000 women and children in
America who are wives, sons and daughters
of men incarcerated in the prisons who are
begging us for bread and a place to live,”’
she said. Her society, she added, has ob-
tained employment for 9,500 ex-convicts and
keeps in touch with them. Only 5 per cent.
of them have gone back. :

““You might as well pour water on aduck’s
back to drown it as talk religion to a man in
a cell,” said W. E. Dudding, president of
the society. ‘‘The average man does not
teel drawn toward religion while locked up
in prison, and away from all redeeming in-
fluence and those he loves. Get him a good
job when he gets out; treat him like a man
and he will get religion himself.”’

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Monday’s Games

Printers vs. Ninth

Monday’s game at the Garage grounds
between the Printers and Ninth proved in-
teresting to the onlookers, but neither team
made out a victory as the game ended in a
tie of 3—3. Boston worked well in the box
for the Printers, striking out 13 and allowing
6 hits. Jimmie, pitching for the Ninth, al-
lowed 3 hits, 4 passes and struck out 10.
Tony made a timely sacrifice hit in the third
round.

Erintersse .. Q0210 050°070—3 ()
NI e 00500 020 1503 62

Two-base hits—B 8124 and 8541.
Umpires—Sam and Denver.

Athletics vs. Cubs
The Athletics outplayed the Cubs at the

game played at the Storehouse grounds on
Monday, and by good team work shut out
their opponents from scoring. Charlie No.1
did mound duty for the Athletics, and suc-
ceeded in holding down the Cubs to 3 hits,
striking out 11 and passing 2. Harvey pitched
for the Cubs and was found for 5 hits, passed
2, and struck out 5. Jacoby’s three-base hit
enlivened the game.

RSl el
Athletics...... IS 0RO 070507080285 0
Gubsi & O 00 06.070°0°0°0—0"" 13 0

Three-base hit—Jacoby.
Umpires—Banks and Barrington.

Tuesday’s Game

Cubs vs. Ninth

A postponed game between the Cubs and
Ninth was played off on Tuesday at the Gar-
age grounds, which resulted in a close vic-
tory for the Cubs by a score of 2—1. Moon-
ey pitched for the Cubs and struck out 8,
passed 4 and,allowed only 1 hit. Reds, in
the box for the Ninth, struck out 7, passed
1 and was found for 4 hits. The only two-
base hit in the game was made by Lucky.

R H E.
Gubsis o RS 0R082805020°0-=2 450
Ninth GEOROSIS0F0R080F0-2 1k 1

Umpires—Sam and Denver.

Wednesday’s Games

Cubs vs. Printers

The Cubs proved too swift for the Printers
in Wednesday’s game played at the Garage
grounds, the final score being 5—1 in their fa-
vor. Mooney’s pitching arm worked well in
striking out 12; though he passed 2 and al-
lowed 8 hits. Tony’s physical exercise had
been too strenuous in the morning rounds so
that the afternoon’s game suffered. He was
found for 10 hits, walked 1 and struck out 2.

Ry HE TR
@ubs =i 9501 0501201807050 ="56"3:1 60
Printers......... 000100000-1 3 1

Two-base hits—Harvey, Chick, Lucky, Slick
and Clarkie. ,

Umpires—Sam and Denver.

Athletics vs. Ninth

The Athletics and Ninth played a very
creditable game of ball at the Storehouse
grounds on Wednesday, with a victory for
the former team by the score of 2—1. A
quick double play by Mickie was timely.
Mack pitched for the Athletics and struck
out 6, walked 3, allowing 3 hits. Charlie No.
92 was at the mound for the Ninth. He struck

Copy for the ‘‘ad’’ column is now accept-
able.

NO. 38

out 4, passed 3 and was found for 3 hits.
R. H. “E:
Athletics....20000000 0—-2 3 0
INGERYH A% o0 cocr 0170 0°0°0°0:070—1 3 0

Double play—Mickie.
Two-base hit—D. C.
Umpires—Banks and Barrington.

Thursday’s Game

Ninth vs. Printers

Three errors at critical moments by the
Printers, lost them the game with the Ninth
on Thursday afterncon. Boston pitched for
the Printers and struck out 11, walked 1 and
allowed 7 hits. B 8601 was in the box for
the Ninth, and was found for 8 hits, passed

2, striking out 5. B 8124 made a clever
double play in the fourth inning.

RiaH =B
Ninth st 004001000-5 7 0
Printers......... 100200010—4 8 38

Double play—B 8124.
Two-base hits Stump and Bobbie.
Umpires—Banks and Barrington.

Friday’s Games

Athletics vs. Ninth

The Athletics had things moving their way
from the start in Friday’s game played with
the Ninth at the Storehouse grounds. The
latter team showed a poor resistance to their
opponents, which resulted in the Athletics
winning by the score of 7—2. Jacoby, piteh-
ing for the Athletics, struck out 9, walked 1
and allowed 4 hits. Reds was at the mound
for the Ninth. He struck out 9, passed 5 and
was found for 6 hits. The game was too one-
sided to be interesting.

1% I8k 1Dk
Athletics #aes 20700 370107280 T S oaan
NI 020000000—2 4 4

Two-base hits—Spitz, Jacoby, D. C.,B8207
and B 8124.
Umpires— Banks and Barrington.

Printers vs. Cubs

The Printers won a closely contested game
with the Cubs at the Garage grounds on
Friday, with a final score of 3—2.  Mooney,
pitching for the Cubs, struck out 12, with 1
hit, but he allowed 7 passes on balls. Bos-
ton was in the box for the Printers and struck
out8and allowed 2 hits. Several errors on both
sides detracted the enthusiasm of the fans.

R Hinsils:
Printerssi 1IR02080-408 05250802 3 S S 0D
Cubsiti- it IR R0= 08020080807 St )

Two-base hits—Chick.
Umpires—Billy McKenty and Denver.

(Continued on page 4.)
