---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_158.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number. _

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, September 26, 1917.

If every year we would root out one vice,
we should soon become perfect men.

THE QUALITIES THAT WIN

There is no question that almost any one
can ‘‘“make good’’ when everything is boom-
ing and all things take on a roseate hue. But
the man who wins cut these days is the man
who can grasp the opportunity lost by tbe
fellow who sleeps by the wayside.

A man has to have some stamina to stand
up and look the world in the face. Let come
what may. Even an artificial backbone is
better than none at all. And if a man has
to stimulate nerve, by all means let him do
so. ‘‘Pep,’”’” go, push is the dominant factor
in business these days, and if one hasn’t
these essentials he might as well take up a
special course of study on nerve develop-
ment. Yor that he must have if he expects
to get anything or anywhere.

By all means do something. Don’t sit
down and bemoan your lack of success. The
man who sits down and commences to build
mountains out of mole hills is sure to find
his path pretty much as he thinks. ‘‘For as
a man thinketh, so is he,”” was not said in
vain.

Next to doing something, the attitude of
cheerfulness is the most valuable asset.
Good nature wil. pull a man through many a
bad plight. Learn to smile even though some
one has ‘‘put one over on you’’ in a way you
least expected. Remember that it’s your
turn next, if you will have it so. The man
who can smile and tell an amusing story
when the bottom has dropped out of some
pet scheme he has built high hopes on—and
there are such—is sure to win in the long
run; ‘‘for it is a long lane that has no turn’’
sings the poet, and though the rhymer may
be something of a dreamer he hit upon the
truth in his song.

“You can’t keep a good man down,’’ goes
the story; and if you acquire the leaven of
energy to your work or business there need
be no room for doubts of a pessimistic nature
towards the future.

It is a paramount duty of all fair-minded,
energetic men today to promote good-will on
every side. It helps you. It helps the other

bles,’” or

fellow, and it helps to promote progress all
around. And that’s what we want to see.
It is the backbone of genuine American
spirit. The spirit that won’t be downed, no
matter what comes.

Optimism, energy and good-will are the

three essentials of the age that a man must

have in order to win his way, whether in
business or in work.

THE FUTILITY OF WORRY

There are three diseases of the soul; and
the greatest of these is worry. On a win-
ter’s day at Erfurt, when to the anxious
mind of Luther the Reformation was reduced
to a forlorn hope, he heard a robin redbreast
chirping under his window; and straightway
his Master seemed to be saying, ‘‘If your
Father careth for these, shall he not much
more care for you, O ye of little faith?”’
Seeing his friend, Melanchthon, near by in
an attitude of despondency, he called, ‘‘Come,
Philip, let us sing ‘Ein feste Burg’;’’ where-
upon two hearts, new stayed on God, gave
praise in the Forty-sixth Psalm: ‘‘God-is our
refuge and strength, a very present help in
trouble. Therefore will we not fear, though
the earth be removed and though the moun-
tains be cast into the midst of the sea!’’

These are sifting times; when men’s hearts
are likely to misgive them and their religion
is weighed in the balance, says a writer in
the Christian Herald. It is no uncommon
thing to hear a professing Christian say, in
view of passing events, ‘““My faith trem-
““My faith fails me.’”” This means
simply that it was a paltry faith, an easy-
going faith for summer days, a faith that
never was securely stayed on God.

MEETING A SHELL FACE TO FACE

A British aviator who has been flying in
Frence since the beginning of the war told
Popular Mechanics the story of meeting a
shell from a German seventeen-inch gun while
he was in the air:

‘] was at an altitude of about six thou-
sand feet one day, and climbing higher at an
easy angle, when one of those big fellows,
almost at the end of its flight, came plough-
ing along in the opposite direction. First, a
dark little blur appeared at an angle of about
thirty-five degrees above me. At first it
seemed to be coming right at me, and I
swerved to theleft in an instinctive effort to
dodge the threatened blow. Then a sort of
droning hum became audible, and that sound
increased during the two or three seconds
that elapsed before the big missile came
up to me and swept past. It was probably
several hundred yards away at its nearest,
but the distance seemead less.

“‘A few faint stirrings of air began to rock
my machine even before the shell went by,
but the full force of the ‘air wash’ came a
fraction of a second later. Then an almost
solid wall of air nearly threw me on my beam

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month. :

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

ends, and I was really hard put to it to get
the reeling machine back on an even keel.
For the next mile or two the air was like
water in the wake of a big side-wheeler—all
chopped to pieces—and the machine rocked
like a springless motor lorry going over cob-
bles. The air was disturbed for some sec-
onds after a loud roar astern had told me that
the shell had come to earth.”’

INSULATING ALUMINUM

It is announced that two employes of the
Westinghouse Company have perfected an
insulating skin for aluminum so thin and

flexible as to make small aluminum wire as

economical of space in coils as copper. Ac-
cording to the Engineering News, they have
produced two kinds of films. One is smooth
and iridescent; the other, white and abrasive.
Of these, the second is the better, for it is
only .0001 to .0004 of an inch thick, and
stands from two hundred to five hundred
volts. Two wires can be pressed together
until they are indented without breaking the
film; but rubbing will expose the metal, and
make a short circuit. The film is fireproof,
andhasmeachanicalstrength enough to support
the wire in small coils above the melting
point. To coat the wire with the film, it is
passad through electrolytic baths (solutions of
borax, ammonium borate, or sodium silicate)
—a process in which th: wire itself acts as
the anode.

LIKE AJAX AND ACHILLES

Individual prowess counts for as much as
it did in the days of ancient Greece. Names
will stand out in the history of this war like
those of Ajax and Achilles in the epic of
H. mer, aversa writer in McClure’s Magazine.

Lieutenants - Immelmann and Boelke, on
the German side, have brought down nine
and ten adversaries in mortal combat. Their
exploits are tinged with a chivalric glamour
which seems anything but modern.

When Boelke landed to aid an enemy whom
he had wounded he was greeted with the
comment: ‘‘Since it is Immelmarn who beat
me, I am satisfied.”” When the German re-
plied that it was ‘‘only Boelke,’” the inter-
change of compliments seemed like a parley
between Hector and Ajax.

The analogy between Homer’s battles and

P
