---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_160.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

E. S. P. LEAGUE STANDING
IWSSE Pt W. L. Pct,
Cubs 50228694 Ninth 32 40 444
Athletics 36/ = 35" =507 Printers 27 44 380
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
WK Pot. W. L. Pct.
New York 94 51 648 Chicago SRS ART
Philies 83 60 580 Brooklyn 64 76 457
St. Louis 79 R GRENEIT Boston GASSSTIM 51
Cincinatti T5r 25 510 Pittsburg A4S O9SE ST
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
~ W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Chicago 97 51 655 Washingt'n 68 74 479
Boston B6IAOTHS 601 New York 67 178 462
Cleveland 85 63 574 St. Louis BB 88 S
Detroit FHE( S 017 Athletics 50 94 347

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Second Section of the H. F. C. thor-
oughly enjoyed its somewhat delayed outing
on Saturday afternoon, as the weather man,
seemingly repentant of his behavior of recent
Saturdays, provided an almost ‘‘perfect day’’
for their benefit. It was the kind of day
that makes you, if you are of the city, take
the ‘‘kids’’ for a walk in the park or out to
the country to Grandma’s or Aunt Maria’s:
the kind of day that sets the country boys to
roaming the fields and woods to see if the
chestnuts are getting ripe and if the wild-
grape clusters hang as low as they should.
Know what I mean?

Our opportunities for roaming on Saturday
are necessarily a bit circumscribed, but we
did the best we could with a ‘‘twice-around’’
theinstitution. Pete washeardto assert in a
confident tone that he could walk twelve
miles on a ‘‘straight-away;’’ but as nobody
took him up on it, he just kept walking in a
circle. KEven those of our number who have
so long traveled in gondolas—NOT the Vene-
tian kind-+as to have lost all confidence in
their feet as a means of locomotion, stepped
out bravely, and were apparently loath tostop
but we may be wronging them in this. The
4th Block easily carried off the marching
honors of the day; they stepped out as if the
prize were a Georgia watermelon, and it al-
ready in sight. The Red Cross contingent,
marshalled by Dan, in a uniform which would
have turned a Haitian General green with
envy, and a pair of ‘‘breeze resisters’’ that
would be a perfect disguise in London—Dan
must be in training for ajob as an Irish spy—
also made a good showing. Mac’s Volunteers
or is it Conscripts? of Mercy, must be close
observers of their leader, for they had the
Navy ‘‘roll’’ almost to perfection on Satur-
day. If Mac could only get those bell bottomed
trousers he’d stand a good chance of having
them accepted for the Naval Reserve.

Professor Wiegandt and his merry men
were in the best of form, and delighted the
souls of the music lovers with their really
excellent work. We must in particular cite
their rendition of the ‘‘Poet and Peasant’’
overture—yes, we’ll confess we copied the

name from the program—as a gem. There
was a mixture of sadness and fire in it that
was most appealing. We think we would like
to be buried to music like that; it would
speak eloquently of what was to come, and
forewarned is—you all know the proverb.

The Twilight Quartette was very much in
evidence, and sang ‘‘The Rosary’’ in a man-
ner which would have almost certainly re-
paired a broken engagement, or a broken
arm, if there’s anything in Christian Science.
Their latest performance for the benefit of
our visitors was of such merit as to lead us
to offer to head a fund for a ‘‘possum bake’’
in their honor. We have heard somewhere
that over-indulgence in ‘‘possum’’ is often
fatal.

The ball games had their quota of interest-
ed spectators all afternoon. There wus ab-
solutely nothing lacking but the peanuts and
pink lemonade to persuade the ‘‘fans’’ that
they were not at Shibe Park, or the Polo
grounds. The game between the Shoe Shop
and the 7th Block was more of a massacre
than a ball game, and the 7th Block is in
danger of losing its license for unnecessary
cruelty. They made seven runsin the first
inning alone. If the Shoe Shop warriors
hadn’t slipped over three runs in thelast inn-
ing, when the 7th Block were packing up to
go home, and temporarily off their guard,
they would have gone home ‘with enough
goose-eggs for their collective suppers, and
some over.

The game between the 4th Block and the
‘‘Highbinders’’ ended in a draw, with both
sides hanging over the ropes at the finish,
the ‘‘ump’” in a fine frenzy, and the score-
keeper’s (Hook) voice reduced to a mere.
whisper. THhis alone will tell you what kind
of a game it was. The score was tinally
agreed upon as being 6—6 in favor of the
umpire.

Mr. Kraupa, with a small party, was early
on the scene, and with him, as a pleasant
surprise, came our old friend Miss Mae Rus-
sell, who seemed in the best of health and
spirits, and only regretted that pressure of
work had prevented her visiting us earlier,
but she assured us that she would try to do
better in the future, which would be, in a
different sense, a very good motto for us all.
Miss Russell is uncertain whether her many
pressing engagements will permit of her
taking any personal partin providing us with
entertainment during the winter season, but
hopes to tell us more definitely on her next
appearance, which she promises will be soon,
and assures us that she will do her best—
and we know enough of the lady to be sure
that she will keep her promise. So we "will
hope for the best.

The Dolly Sisters, who are vaudeville head-
liners, and are playing at the local Keith
Theater during the present week, were in-
stitution visitors, and promised' to call some
Saturday afternoon when their engagements
permit, and grace our local stage. We can
at least assure them of a hearty welcome.

To turn to grosser matters, we would like
to call the attention of the members to the
fact that the Club treasury was figuratively
‘‘shot to pieces’” on Saturday, and that they
shouldn’t ask for anything over a hundred
dollars for car-fare or ‘‘grub-stake.’” On the
morning of that day it was as fat as the
flesh-pots of Egypt, but by tea-time it re-
sembled most the historical cupboard of
Old Mother Hubbard, as Mr. Bradley, who
does the funeral directing for the Club, pre-
sented his account in the interim—a matter
of $120.00—being the funeral expenses of six
of our late members whom the Club was
called on to bury. So if any of our number
have philanthropic leanings, and would like
to see their names at the head of the endow-
ment fund, now is the time for them to come
to the front; while if they are so modest as
to wish their benefactionsto remain unknown
let them slip it to the Treasurer while the
Press Agent isn’t looking. We assure them
the Treasurer is perfectly ‘‘safe.”” And we
guarantee to such possible benefactors that,
should they ever stand in need of Mr. Brad-
ley’s services, they will be handled withune-
tion, not to speak of eclat.

Next Saturday, September 29th, the First
Section will be out as follows: 1 B, 11 B, 10
B, 8B, 6B, 6G, 12 B, 121 &, 12-2G, 9 B.

—B 8266.

(Continued from page 1.)
Monday’s Games

Printers vs. Cubs

In spite of several errors the Printers
managed to pull out a winner in the game
played with the Cubs at the Garage grounds
on Monday ihe final score standing 7—6 in
their favor. Boston pitched for the Printers
and struck out 7, passed 2 and allowed 6 hits.
Chick was on the mound for the Cubs and
was found for 8 hits, passing 9, with 5 strike-
outs. The playing lacked “‘pep.’”’

Rs e
Printers........ 070275080 0802 0= [ e S
............. 420000000-6 6 0

‘Two-base hits—Lucky 2, Harvey and B 8343.
Umpires—Billy McKenty and Denver.

Athletics vs. Ninth

The Atbletics played a swift game of, ball
with the Ninth at the-Storehouse grounds on
Monday that proved too strenuous for the
latter team, the final score being 8—2in favor
of the Athletics. The home runs made by
Ben and D. C. brought joy to the hearts of
the fans in attendance. The Athletics had
D. C. in the box, and he struck out9, passed
4 and was found for 3 hits. Ben twirled for
the Ninth, but proved easy for his opponents.
He struck out 3, passed 3 and permitted 8
hits.

E.

Ress el
Athleties........ L2528 0507 0R0R0=SS LS ] E80
Ninthi Soee 090702250 07020 0—2 "5 3283

Umpires—Sam and Barrington.
