---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_161.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

Philadelphia, October 3, 1917

NO. 39

SONG SERVICE GIVEN
BY E. S. P. CHOIR

The Sunday afternoon song service on the
Center at this institution by the E. S. P.
Choir, with orchestra accompaniment, prov-
ed a gratifying musical event to those in at-
tendance, as well as to the inmates.

A select miscellany of sacred song and
classic music was provided for the occasion
by Prof. A. F. Wiegandt, who has the in-
mate choir in charge.

The choristers were in good voice and
made a most favorable impression on the
visiting guests assembled to hear their ren-
dition of the selections.

The program was as follows:

PROGRAM

1. March Romaine Gounod
2. Hymn No. 243 (R. B.) Thos. A. Arne
(a) —Am I a Soldier of the Cross?

(b)—The Son of God Goes Forth to
War (R. B. 237)
3. Hymn No. 235 (R. B.) Geo. A. Minor
" (a) —Bringing in the Sheaves
(b) —Thus Far the Lord Has Led Me
On (R. B. 242)
Meditation
5. Hymn No. 166 (B. S.)
(a)—Swing Song
(b) —Pure White Ribbons (B. S. 161)
6. Hymn No. 163 (B.S.) Wm. S. Bradbury
: (a)—Jesus Loves Me
) (b)—Harvest Time is Here (B. S. 183)
7. The Glory of God in Nature Beethoven

A. F. WIEGANDT, Conductor.

Morrison
B. D. Ackley

o

HOLY AND UNHOLY RUSSIA
There are two Russias, as Maxim Gorky
 has said. One is the Holy Russiaof tradition
—inert, introspective, long suffering, Asiatic
in spirit. The other is Unholy Russia—with
its face turned toward the West, eager to
make progress and to getresults, even though
those results may be ill-judged and fantastic.
Unholy Russia conceived and executed thz
revolution. But Holy Russia must sanction
it and stand for it, if it is to survive. Un-
holy Russia is a radical minority. It must
work out the nation’s destiny (if Russiais to
be a nationand not a mere geographical ex-
pression) by energizing and educating the
ancient Holy Russia. A single fraction or
faction of the revolutionary minority is not
strong enough to do this. -Union and con-
solidation are as necessary in Petrograd to-
day as they were in Philadelphia when Ben-
jamin Franklin said: “‘If we don’t hang to-
gether we shall hang separately.”’

>

JEWISH INMATES
EXPRESS APPRECIATION

The Jewish inmates of this institution were
pleasantly suprised by the special coneession
provided by Mr. Edward Kraupa on the oc-
casion of the celebration of Yom- Kippur
last week, and they desire to express their
thanks and appreciation to the donner for his
thoughtful kindness in providing for their
needs.

A liberal donation of Jewish bibles was re-
ceived from the Jewish Publication Society
last week, fordistribution among the Jewish
inmates. They are desirous of expressing
their sincere thanks for the same.

—B 7038.

OCTOBER 26 SET FOR ARBOR
DAY

A Harrisburg correspondent writes that
Dr. Nathan C. Schaeffer, State Superintend-
ent of Public Instruction, has issued his
autumn Arbor Day Proclamation designating
Friday, October 26 as the date and urging
people because of the war to plant trees ex-
tensively. ‘‘The problems of conservation
and reforestation are more pressing than
ever before_z,” says the Superintendent.

TATTOOING ABOLISHED FROM NAVY

It is announced that America’s infant in-
dustry, the placing of skirts and flowing
draperies on immodest tattoo decorations on
seamen, has come to a sudden death in con-
sequence of the order of Josephus Daniels,
Secretary of the Navy, placing a new re-
striction against the Navy League of the
United States.

There are, therefore, a vast army of tat-
too artists out of jobs, and quite a lot more
men, formerly seamen of the United States
Navy, going around and biting pieces out of
bars and speaking unprintable words because
they can see no way to get into the war.
The Navy League, because of its fight with
Mr. Daniels, has had to close up its tattoo-
ing headquarters, in which it fixed up expe-
rienced seamen for service. It’s a long, sad
story, mates.

The oldest zoologicel gardens in the world
were found in Egypt. Fifteen hundred years
B. C. Pharaoh Totmes I, at the request of
his daughter, sent an expedition to Somali-
land, in northern Africa, to bring back strange
animals in large numbers to populate the
temple gardens. It is stated that 60,000
animals passed in a parade before the royal-
ties at the dedication of the first zoo.

CAGE ABOLISHED
FROM COURTROOM

It is very gratifying to learn of the passing
away of ‘‘the cage’’ from the Qurater
Sessions courtroom at the City Hall in this
City. 1t was a relic of barbarism thatshould
have been abolished long ago, as it was not
in keeping with modern ideas of decency or
humanity. When the Court of Quarter Ses-
sions was formally opened last week with
the presentation to the court of a beautiful
American flag, a gift from the court attaches
addresses were made by Assistant District At-
torney Maurice J. Speiser, Court Clerk James
A. Flaherty and Judge John M. Patterson.

In his address Judge Patterson said:

““Heretofore the prisoners were herded in
a cage like wild beasts and subjected to the
gaze of the mordid, curious and idle public.

““Now thebarbarous methods of earlier ages
in keeping the accused in an individual barred
box or cage have been supplanted by the
more modern idea of what is due a prisoner
until he is found guilty. Hereafter a prison-
er will be afforded the same fair privileges
given defendants in the bail court, who are
not required to sit caged up during the hear-
ing of the offenses charged against them.”’

It has been the practise in this branch of
the criminal court to keep the prisoners herd-
ed in a steel cage in the corner of the room.

Now the prisoners are detained in a small
room above the court chamber until their
cases are called.

PERIL IN UNCLEAN DISHES

The danger of contracting disease by eat-
ing from unclean dishes or drinking from
unclean glasses at restaurants and soda
fountains is pointed out by Director of Health-
Krusen in his weekly bulletin.

“Dishes are rapidly washed and rinsed at
many restaurants, giving no assurance of
cleanliness and protection to the patrons,’’
he says. ‘‘At some of the drinking foun-
tains the usual practise is to rinse glasses in
a bucket or basin of water afteyr use, and
then place them upside down to drain.’’

State Commissioner of Health Dixon de-
votes his health talk to warning persons
against taking patent medicines when they
do not know the nature of their illness.

RED CROSS NOTICE

Our workers are notified that we have re-
ceived notice from the Red Cross Headquar-
ters, Washington, D. C., to discontinue the
use of the Red Cross on our flags, as it is
contrary to the law.

R. J. McKENTY, Warden.

¢
