---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_162.jpg
---
.

THE UMPIRE

M_‘_______—_———————-—-———-_———

THE UMPIRE

W

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, October 3, 1917.

Man should settle himself so fully in faith,
that he need not to seek many con.forts of men.

e

SUCCESS WON BY REPHATED
FEFFORTS
Nowhere in literature is there to be found

a more misleading passage than that in-

which Shakespeare mskes Brutus say to
Cassius: ‘“There is a tide in the affairs of
men which, taken at the flood, leads on to
fortune. Omitted, all the voyage of their
life is bound in shallows and in miseries.
For on such a full sea are we now afloat, and
we must take the current when it serves, or
lose our ventures.”” Undoubtedly he does
well who is able to take the first current
as it serves the first opportunity that is of-
fered them for advancing toward suc-
cess. Butif for any reason this tide goes
out not bearing his barque upon it, then let
him recall to mind that no tide goes out that
does not again come in, and that one’s life is
no more of necessity bound to failure by
missing the tide than would the sailing of a
ship be permanently stopped because it fail-
ed to make sail on any particular tide; or for
that matter, even though it perchance miss-
ed several tides there is always to follow an-
other tide that will prove available, if we
make it so. For some tide is bound to lead
to success if we persevere.

- If we look about us we will see that many
of the world’s most effective and successful
workers have taken tides which served them
best at the most propitious time in middle
life. One of our prominent authors wrote
the best of his novels after his fiftieth year.
And as the old salt says, ‘‘some ships best
catch the wind in the morning, some at noon,
some atenight, but all manage to make the
voyage and reach port safely at last.”” So it
is well to bear in mind that failure would
often outnumber success if every one were
to believe that he could make use of only a
particular tide.

It can not be disputed thatpractical knowl-
edge, seasoned by repeated trials, is better
than our first efforts in any line,snd one may
be much better equipped for gaining success
when he makes repeated endeavors to ae-
complish a desired end than if he weakly

grasps the first thing that may happen along.
The greatest success has been won after
repeated failures, and one ought not in the
least to feel discouraged because their first
efforts are unfruitful. If we stand fast in
our desires to accomplish an object of good,
there need be no doubt of ultimate success.
For it is certain that ‘‘for him who aspires,
and for him who loves, life may lead through
thorns, but it never stops in the desert.”’

AS TO HAPPINESS

It has been said that many people seem to
believe that happiness is a thing that you
can get hold of and keep as if it were a mere
possession or a quality of character. But in
reality it is something we have to work for,
and to keep on working in order to hold it.

Open yourself to respond to everything
lovely or cheerful, to see beauty, to enjoy
the society of your fellow-men, to delight in
work, and to be enthusiastic in play. Teach
yourself interest in the struggles and hopes
of others—the sort of interest thatisof use,
that is a help. For by so doing we learn to
enjoy the many little things that turn our
way from day to day. Let us make the most
of your own mind, your ocwn capacities.
Don’t sit around, pondering whether you are
happy or not, whether or not life is worth
living.

Let us live each day at its best, live it
thoroughly, keeping awake to all the wonder
of it, and you will be happy without knowing
it, at first, until - you have gone along far
enough to realize what happiness is. :

FOLSOM’S NOVEL DISCIPLINE

According to a recent announcement they
have a novel method of maintaining discipline
in the State prison at Folsom, California,
and it is proving a great success. They have
no dungeons or dark cells in the prison, cor-
poreal punishment is unheard of, tying up by
the thumbs is never permitted—in short,
none of the old modes of punishment are

recognized in this institution, declares a cor-

respondent of the Inquirer.

The system in vogue is this: When a new
prisoner is received, he is informed that they
have three different bilis of fare in the pris-
on, and that it is optional with each man as
to how well he lives. If he is industrious,
orderly, well-behaved and in all things con-
forming strictly to the rules of the prison,
he is served with excellent food, nicely cook-
ed. He can have chops, steaks, eggs, tea
and coffee, milk and white bread; if he is
only fairly well behaved and does not do his
allotted task properly, is inclined to growl
and grumble at the regulations of the insti-
tution, he is given ordinary prison fare—
mush and molasses, soup and corn bread; and
if he is ugly and insubordinate, he is per-
mitted to feast on nulimited quantities of
cold water and a rather small allowance of
bread.

There is aid to'be an intense rivalry among

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
‘Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning. :

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

=

the convicts to enter the first class, and once
there, it is seldom that one of them has to be
sent back to a lower class.

This discipline is evidently patterned after
that of prudent mothers, who send the bad
boys to bed without their suppers. It is hu-
mane as well as efficacious. A lion can be
tamed with hunger, much less a boy or man.

JUDGE HAND ON TREASON

Judge Hand’s decision in the case of The
Masses is presumably goodlaw, andis certain-
ly goodsense. The gist of it is the distinction
between proceeding under the statute and
proceeding by administrative order. If a
publication is treasonable or seditious, let its
editors be indicted and punished, citation be-
ing made of the terms of the act violated,
and due proof being given. But do not give
to any official the power to say to an editor:
““I have looked into your soul and discover
treasonable sentiments there and accordingly
exclude your paper from the mails.”” Judge
Hand impartially weighed the evidence laid
before him and was constrained to decide
that none of the language used by The Masses
or the cartoons published by it would
warrant a jury verdict that sedition or re-
sistance to the law was advocated. But in
granting the injunction against excluding
the periodical from the mails for anything it
has so far done, he did not fail to point out
the limits of free discussion beyond which it
can not go. It can say that the draft is hate-
ful, but it can not urge anybody to resist it.
Thus the masses has had its vindication—and
its advertisement, for which it may thank
PostOffice stupidity—but it has also had its
warning.

New York Evening Post.

 WHAT BOY SCOUTS ARE DOING

Itis announced that 260,000 Boy Scouts of
America, thoroughly organized and disci-
plined, trained to obey orders cheerfully and
hardened to hiking and outdoor life, have al-
ready been called on by Uncle Sam to take
part in several campaigns. Those that have
not already been won are being driven forward
sucecessfully. :

The first of these is the garden campaign
under the battle cry, ‘‘Every Scout to Feed a
Soldier.’”’ Thousands of Boy Scouts in back-

