---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_163.jpg
---
yards, vacant lots and on country acres,
nursed the growths that will later enable the
American Army in France to enter the fight
fed on the good old American bean. The
perishable articles of the garden that the
Scouts will raise for home consumption will
release thousands of tons of grain for the
soldiers of the Allies.

‘““‘Liberty Loan campaign was another
battle pursued by the Scouts with magnifi-
cent strategy and persistence. More than
$18,000,000 in bond signatures are recorded
at national headquarters, the result of their
drive. Andmore are to come. The Red Cross
has had a faithful and efficient ally from the
first in the Boy Scouts; and while no national
campaign has been carried on by them for
this purpose, in hundreds of cities and towns
the young troopers have collected money,
have made pads and bandages, have put up
pound packages of concentrated food, have
packed cases, and have done other work or-
dinarily done by men.

The latest Scout undertaking is assisting
Mr. Hoover. The boys are tabulating and
checking up all the homes, each house to
make a pledge and exhibit a window card
that it is following out the administration
program. Then, too, the Scouts haveproved
mighty useful to the exemption boards.’’

JAZZ MUSIC

Various descripticns of jazz music have
from time to time appesared, but none seem
to hit the mark exactly, says a connoisseur
of this art. The common impression is that
it consists of a lot of peculiar and noisy
sounds without rhyme or reason. “This is not
the case, however, says the Milwaukee Senti-
nel. 1t consists chiefly of syncopation, pe-
culiarly accentuated; variations by scme of
the instruments; improvisations by others,
mingled with odd sound effects. Through all
this the melody of the selections rendered
must be distinguished at all times—tin-can
noises, beating the life out of the drums,
blasting by the brass instruments is entirely
unnecessary. Contrasts between pianissimo
and fortissimo passages should be shown just
as much in jazz music as in classies.

Another wrong impression is that jazz or-
chestras must consist of a certain instrument-
ation. This also is not the case. The violin,
'cello, cornet, piano, or in fact any legiti-
mate instrument, can be used. As jazz music
is originally Ethiopian, the banjo and saxo-
phone are used merely to lend negro charac-
ter to it.

The number of musicians that can jazz
properly is said to be small, because it really
requires good musicians, who must also be
endowed with the swing or knack of perform-
ing it. Although many of the cafe and the-
ater orchestras are composed of good musi-
cians, those who can jazz are scarce. Onthe
other hand, many of the self-styled jazz or-
chestras are misrepresentations, and can not

THE UMPIRE

play the semi-classics or classics adequately.
Some cannot perform it properly, and to off-
set this, resort to noise and disorder inimita-
tion thereof. The percentage of musicians
who can do justice to the classics and also
play jazz is consequently even smaller. This
kind of orchestra is exceedingly scarce.
Jazz music is rhythmical and inspiring.
is declared the best antidote for the blues.

i

THE OPEN ROAD

In the hush and the glow of the morning, the
flush of the new-dawning day,

I’m footing it over the meadows, the trail of
the w:nderer’s way;

Over there on the horizon drifting you can
see the black smoke of the freight

That dumped me off here while a-swinging
along at a twenty-mile gait.

In clusters of white on the hedges the fresh-
opened blossoms are seen;

There’s a carpet of velvet beneath me re-
splendent in gold and in green,

Where the buttercups, daffcdils, daisies lie
low in the dew-scented grass,

While Robin, who dwells in the woodland, is
lilting a tune as I pass.

You may call me a tramp and you're wel-
come, the name doesn’t matter to me,

For the glad world greets me at present,
whatever my finish may be.

I have berne the burden of toiling, but,
thank God, I have shifted the load,

Aad I’'m tasting the sweets of adventure,
the endless delights of the road.

Forgotten the noise and the squalor, the
grime of the streets and the town;

Out here, where all nature rejoices, with the
sun and the sky smiling down

On a vagabond glad to be living, the past
and its miseries seem

But a shadow delusicn of faney, the vision
of some evil dream.

I fear not what fate may await me, I care
not for hearthstone or home,

The world is my heritage splendid, a gypsy
unfettered I roam,

And my pulses are throbbing in measure
the songs that the nesting birds sing,

For I'm quit of the curse of the city and
freed by the call of the Spring.

¥ —George T. Pardy.

MOON ACTING QUEERLY

““And now it’s the moon thatis acting
queerly,’’ says a promiment writer on scien-
tific subjects. The cause of fluctuationin the
motion of the moon, which long has been a
puzzle to astronomers, has been discovered
by Prof. T. J. J. See, director of the Naval
Observatory at Mare Island, Cal., according
to a statement he gave out recently.

Profassor See states thatthe electrodynam-
ic waves of the sun, which are presumed to
be the force of gravitation in the solar sys-
tem, are modified as to the moon because the

5

force is exerted through the earth. This in-
terposition of the earth between the sun and
moon caused the electrodynamic waves of the
sun to undergo wefraction, disposition and
absorption. This, said Professor See, weak-
ens the action of the sun on the moon when
that satellite nears the shadow of the earth,
as at the time of the lunar eclipse.

This weakening of the gravitational force
of the sun on the moon, he stated, causes the
fluctuations in the moon’s revolution in its
orbit. :

Professor See’s announcement states that
the irregularities in the moon’s motion can be
calculated, and that thereby the accuracy of
the predicted orbit may be increased twelve-
fold. He regards his discovery as corrobora-
tive of his theory of the eause of gravitation.
He has sent a report to the Royal Astrono-
mical Society, London, and to scientific so-
cieties in Paris, Stockholm and Edinburg.

IRON IN USE OVER 5,000 YEARS

The best infomed sources give the period
from 2000 to 2500 B. C. as marking the tran-
sition from bronze to iron. Professor J. B.
Wilson, in a recent article in- the Princeton
Theological Review, presents pretty nearly
all of the available evidence on the subject.

The“‘iron age’’ seems to have begun ear-
liest in Asia Minor, where iron was used for
various purposes as early as 2500 B. C.

The people of Nipur used iron knives and
arrowheads as early as 2000 B. C; and iron is
claimed to have been used in Babylon five
centuries earlier. India is known to have had
iron abundance in 1500 B. C; and the Chinese
‘‘Annals’’ mention it as having been in use.
there in 2940 B. C; or nearly 5,000 years ago.

BROADER AMERICAN VIEW

The war has been helped to broaden Amer-
ican view and to enforce the lesson of in-
dependence, as well as of responsibility. Its
exigencies have sharpened our wits and giv-
en increased momentum to enterprise, says
a writer in the San Amntcnio Euxpress. We
have been shown how easy it is to produce at
home many of the things for which Europe
had previously been our main if not our sole
reliance. We have been awakened from a
dream of security that made the nation
weak, though it was inherently strong, for
we have been caught napping when we
should have been alert; defenceless when we
should have been prepared for aggressive-
ness if occasion should demand. But the
war, while betraying out weakness, also
helped to show our reserve force and to devel-
op a strength that the world at large had
hitherto vastly underestimated.

The largest single dock enclosed by arti-
ficial walls in Great Britain is at Newport,
Monmouthshire. Its total water area is 110
acres and its dimensions 4000 feet long by
1000 feet wide.
