---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_165.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

ST. STEPHEN’S CHURCH
CHOIR GIVES ENTER-
TAINMENT OF SONG

An excellent entertainment of sacred music
was provided for the inmates of this irsti-
tution on Sunday last by St. Stephen’s
Church Choir. The soloists were: Miss Cecelia
A. Melia soprano; Mrs. Augusta Kohlne
McCoy, contralto; Mr. James Conley, tenor;
and Mr. Edward A. MacDonald, bass. Miss
Mary Ida Ryan presided at the piano.

With Choirmaster Francis P. McKinny
leading the well-trained chorus, the opening
number was rendered in a manner most
pleasing to the hearers, the soloists distin-
guishing themselves with the grace ard ex-
cellence of their singing.

At the conclusion of the selections, Chap-
lain Joseph Welch deliveded a short and in-
spiring address on ‘‘Americanism, ’’ that met
with enthusiastic applause. During the
course of his remarks, Chaplain Welch ex-
pressed his appreciation and thanks to the
choirists for their fine service of song, and to
the visiting members of the American Soci-
ety for Visiting Catholic Prisoners, under
whose auspices the entertainment was given,
for their continued kindly interest in the
welfare and encouragement of the inmates.

The program was as follows:

PROGRAM
Pizno Prelude.
1. “Father Forgive Them, For They Know
Not What They Do’’ Dubois
Bass Solo, and Tenor With Chorus.
9. “This Day Thou Shalt Be With Me In

Paradise’’ ; Dubois
Soprano Solo.
3. ‘‘Panis Angelicus”’ Cezar Franck

Tenor Solo With Chorus.
4. *““My God, My God, Why Hast Thou For-
saken Me’’ Dubois
Contralto Solo.

5. ‘‘Quando Corpus’ Rossini
Quartette. '

G L Thirst? Dubois
Bass Solo With Chorus.

7. *“‘Regina Coeli”’ Giorza
Chorus.

Piano Prelude.

COLUMBUS DAY NEAR

Columbus Day will be generally observed
throughout the State on Friday, October 12.

The Knights of Columbus and a number
of Italian societies have mapped out special
plans of observation, embracing a much
wider scope then formerly. A big patriotic
mass méeting will be held at the Academy

Philadelphia, October 10, 1917

of Music, under the auspices of the K. of C.,
to comemorate the landing of Columbus on
these shores and to arouse greater interest
in the plan to provide necessities for our
soldier boys in France and at the training
camps. :

MUTINOUS SUFFRAGISTS
QUELLED BY GUARDS -
’ "AND INMATES

A Washington correspondent states that
charges of prison mutiny have been filed by
Alonzo Tweedale, acting superintendent of
the Occoquan Workhouse, against the eigh-
teen suffragist priscners sentenced for White
House picketing, who were scratched, bruis-
ed, and beaten in a fight with workhouse
guards and negro women prisoners, who went
to the aid of the guards.

In a report made of the affair to the Dis-
triet Commissioner, Tweedale places all the
blame on the women. He states that when
he attempted to remove Mrs: Johns, the
leader of the riot, from the institution to the
jail hospital for treatment, he was surround-
ed by an angry crowd of women, who stated
that they would not allow her to beremoved.

“They ran with Mrs. Johns into the kitch-
en,’’ said Tweedale, ‘‘and from there started
into the colored quarters. I warned the suf-
fragists that they were interfering with an
officer of the Government, and that unless
they immediately returned to their quarters,
I would be compelled to use the necessary
force to carry out my instructions.

«“The colored inmates who were at work in
the other departments of the institution be-
came very much excited. I called upon the
male officers for assistance in restraining the
excited women, and they performed their
duty with only sufficient force to quell the
riot.

“During the mixup, one of the suffragist
inmates was knocked down, her hair becom-
ing very much disarranged. In view of this
diversion I was enabled to get Mrs. Johns
out on the front porch, and she entered the
automobile with my assistance, and was ac-
companied by the nurse of the female de-
partment to the prison hospital.”’

NOTICE

The Engineering Courses which have been
conducted 1n the E. S. P. during the past two
years by the State College and the Y. M. C.
A. will be continued. New classes will start
shortly. Mechanical Drawing, Shop Mathe-
maties, elementary as well as advanced tak-
en up. Any cne interested can send a note
through his Overseer to Mr. Bonsall, and he
will be given an interview.

3 NO. 40

MALCONTENTS ATTACK
HEAD OF CHINESE PRISON

It is reported in a Pekin, China,despatch
that a serious attack was made upon Wang
Yuan-Cheng, the superintendent -of
model prison in that place, by malcontent
officials and their synpathizers who do not
approve the new enlightened methed now in
vogue at that institution. The new prison
management is said to be worthy of imitation
in many countries supposed to be far supe-
rior to China in management of penitentiaries.

Wang Yuan-Cheng, the founder and su-
perintendent of the prison, and a number of
guards were attacked recently by a group of
twelve prisoners, who were inspired to revolt
after the restoration of the monarchy. He
was stabbed in the head and abdomen with
bayonets but not fatally wounded. Ten con-
victs escaped.

Although Mr. Wang Yuan-Cheng narrowly
missed death through adhering to humane
methods, he still believes in the system
adopted in the prison and will not alter it.

Six years ago Mr. Wang was commissioned
by Yuan Shih-Kai to open a modern prison,
and given only $5,000, with which to carry
out the work. He managed the institution
so skilfully, and employed convict labor so
profitably that the prison now has $30,000 in
the bank and has paid all its administrative
expenses.

Six hundred men and one hundred women
are confined in the prison, and of this num-
ber only twelve participated in the dash for
liberty. Practically all the others attempted
to prevent violence and to protect the super-
itnendent. :

VATERLAND NOW A TRANSPORT

The great ocean steamship Vaterland, which
has been taken over by the United States
Government for use in transporting troops to
France, surprised American engineers when
they proceeded to repair the ship’s machinery,
damaged by her German officers. Then for
the first time it became known in this coun-
try that the vessel had beenoriginally design-
ed for the use for which she is now employ-

" ed. Provision was made for gun implace-

ments, and the vessel was made as nearly
torpedo proof as possible. The Vaterland is
one of the most fleet greyhounds of all that
sail the Seven Seas, and can easily escape
from submarines. There is a bit of roman-
tic justice in the fact that this palatial steam-
ship will now transport Americanan troops to
France, with all of their belongings, in de-
tachments of 10,000, and that 20,000 can be
carried across each month.

the -
