---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_166.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Ms's.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, October 10, 1917.

“Labor to keep alive in your heart that lit-
tle spark of divine fire called conscience.’’

XJANAGEMENT CHE-KEY OB SUCCHESS,

We often hear men say that they are
“having\a pooritimerot it 2 = hingsitdon’t
seem to go as they should and there is a feel-
ing that comes to us that we want to quit, to
sit still and let things go as they may: in
fact to quit.

Perhaps the returns we are receiving do
not seem to be sufficient for the amount of
energy we put in our work. The trouble is
that our mental dynamo lacks the physical
power of purpose, and things take on a sick-
ly hue at the prospect of failure, while de-
feat seems not far away.

But the fact is, that there is nothing wrong
with the world, things are about the same
~all about you; the trouble is with yourself.

When a man begins to lose confidence in
his ability to pull through a tight place, he
has little chance to win out, for he hasform-
ed a mental image of failure.

The better way to do when one has one of
these so-called ‘‘blue days,”’ is to keep in
mind the fact that it’s not the day, or the
conditions he has to face; it’s himself he has
todobattle with. His mental attitude lacks the
proper poise to picture success and wring out a
victory over purely imaginary difficulties.

These mental delusions may be attributed
to a number of causes. Perhaps you may
have read some morbid stuff of a depressing
nature,or perhaps your stomach or liver
may be out of order. If such is the case,
you may depend upon it that your mental at-
titude will follow suit, as the mind is influ-
enced by what you think and what you read,
and on the trend of your mind you depend
for guidance in work or play. So it’s up to
you whether you allow yourself to be con-
trolled by conditions that can be remedied,
or whether you play your part in a manly
way, keeping your thoughts off from your
liver and oft thinking failure. More men
fail through lack of proper mental control,
than through dissipation or idleness. It
needs constant thought and effort to manage
your time and your work so that they accom-
plish results that count—that win.

THE UMPIRE

“Everything opens when one has the key
of management.’’

BELIEVES IN COURTESY

Charles M. Schwab is a thorough believer
in courtesy and is always considerate of an-
other’s feelings.

In a recent conversation with the repre-
sentative of a prominent daily, he said:

‘““When I want to find fault with my men I
say nothing when I go through their depart-
ments. If I were satisfied I would praise
them. My silence hurts them more than
anything else in the world, and it doesn’t
give offense. It makes them think and work
harder.

‘““Many men fail because they do not see
the importance of being kind and courteous
to the men under them. Kindness to every-
body always pays for itself. And, besides,
it is a pleasure to be kind. I have seen men
lose important positions, or their reputa-
tions—which are more important than any
position— by little careless discourtesies to
men whom they did not think it was worth
while to be kind to.”’

THE AIMLESS MEN

According to a writer in a Chicago paper,a
man who has motored from Maine o Califor-
nia says nothing on the whole astonished
him so much as the number of aimless men.
It was his habit to slide out of cities early
in the morning to avoid traffic, but he was
never too early to miss the men who idle
away their days in the public parks and
boulevards. And often he slipped into towns
very late at night, but never too late to pass
other loiterers of the same kind.

Even in the parks of the cities, when pa-
pers are crammed with ‘‘ads,’”’ ‘“‘Help Want-
ed—Male,’”” these men are always to be seen.

On cool days they lounge in the sun, on hot
days they sleep on the grass in the shade.
They never seem to have friends or to want
them. They walk aimlessly. They sit aim-
lessly. They look as if aimlessness had
cursed them since they were able to toddle
alone. And probably it has.

Not much can be done to reform the habits
of a man over thirty years of age. It is not
likely any of these men will ever have 3
well-defined motive in his life.

But the sight of them should be a warning

to parente. Get your children to work to-
ward an end. See that he is able to define
his object.

Success is a habit formed early in life.

And it can hardly escape the man who is
able to rest quietly in bed every morning
while answering the question, ““What am I
going to do today?”’

He who is trained in this habit will never
have to hunt a bed in a park.

Time is precious but itcannot be hoarded up;
its value must be taken as it rolls along.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celeprated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. :

WORRY IMPAIRS MENTAL POWER

The proteciive instinet is present in. the
human mind and when properly directed is a
great source of prosperity both to the indi-
vidual and the nation. In order for man to
store up and lay by, to gain advancement
either in honor or material things, it is nee-
essary that he take some forethcught of the
morrow, but just so soon as he carries this
beyond the normal point the mental process
becomes an exaggerated and abnormal one.

The normal protective instinet is stimulat-
ed by a normal fear of thoze svents which
are reasonably sure to happen in the future
unless means are adopted against them.

The moment that this fear b2comes abnor-
mal or exaggerated it overstimulates this
protective instinct, and to no good purpose,
because it results in worry. This worry con-
tinues long after the necessity for the nor-
mal stimulus of fear has passed, with the
result that there is an impairment in mental
power and of dissipation of the nervous forces.,

In fact, worry is an abnormal state.

Not all worry is preventable, but for the
most part it can be avoided. Most of our
fears are never realized,and, as a rule, if we
meet our troubles day by day as they come
without worrying about them before they ar-
rive or fretting over them after they have
passed we will find that we have the strength
to rise above them. Worry undermines the
health to a certain extent, and every victim

-of the worry habit owes it to himself to

crush it out of his life.

LOOK ON THE SUNNY SIDE

You have read many rules for happiness.
Years ago, when it was still thought proper
to preach in school books, the following ad-
vice by an unknown writer was given:—

“I will give you two or three good rules
which may help you to become happier than
you would be without knowing them; but, as
to being completely happy, that you can never
be till you get to heaven.

““The firstis: ‘Try your best to make others
happy.” ‘I never was happy,’ said a certain
King, ‘till I began to take pleasure in tbe
welfare of my people; but ever since then,
in the darkest day I had sunshine in my heart.”

““My secondruleis: ‘Be content witn little.
There are many good reasons for this rule,
