---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_167.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

S

We deserve but little, we require but little
and ‘better is little, with the fear of God,
than great treasures and troubles therewith.’

““Two men were dctermined to be rich, but
they set abont it in different ways. The one
strove to raise up his means to his desires,
while the other did his best to bring his
desires down to his means. The result was
that the one who coveted much was always

repining, while he who desired but little was "

always contented.

My third. rule is:
side of things.’

“The skipping lamb, the singing lark, and
the leaping fish tell us that happiness is not
confined to one place. God, in His goodness,
has spread it abroad on the earth, in the air
and in th: waters. Two aged women lived
in the same cottage; one was always fearing
a storm and the other was always looking
for sunshine, Hardly need I say which it
was that wore the forbidding aspect or which
it was whose face was lightened up with joy.”’

‘Look .on thke sunny

EASY MONEY

Talk about easy money! Let those who
wonder how it’s done consider the case of
the two Dodges and Henry Ford, says the
St. Louis Star. According to the answer of
the latter to the application of the former
for an injunction to restrain him from ‘‘reck-
less and unwise’’ use of the $52,000,000 * sur-
plus of the Ford Motor Company in an in-
crease of the plant, the Dodges own 10 per
cent. of the stock, owing to the fact that they
invested $10,000 in the business in its early
stages, at least a portion in labor. Since
then they have received $5,571,500 in divi-
dends and their $10,000 interest is now valued
at $50,000,000. If business management which
produces such results is reckless and unwise,
some new definitions are necessary. The
incident throws a spotlight upon our newest
great industry.

THE REWARD OF POMPOSITY

The princeling of an oriental country had
sent to his minister in a far, rich country the
decoration of the national Order of the Gold-
en Goat. It was a cheap trinklet, plentiful-
ly adorned with . imitation jewels. But the
minister, being a vain man and prosperous,
had the false stones replased by real ones
and wore his order thereafter with proper
pride.

Then after some years the princeling came
a-visiting to the far country. Naturally the
minister came to pay his respects. Almost
at once the eyes of the princeling, fell upon
the order with the real stones, and he sat as
one fascinated, prolonging the interview with
idle questions and payiag no attention to the
answers. He was resolving a problem—for
the privy purse was leaner than usual just
then. At last he saw his way clear to make

a coup. 3
«It is time,”’ he said to the mlnlster,

‘‘that your valuable service to your country
should receive additional recognition from
your country’s prince. I hereby (he reach-
ed into a pocket somewhere about his plump
person) advance you from the second to the
first class of the Order of the Golden Goat.”’
With these words he pinned upon the minis-
ter’s swelling chest the new decoration.

Of course it was necessary to remove the
old decoraticn first. This, with its collecticn
of real stones, he dropped carelessly into one
of his royal pockets.

THE MOMENT TO DECIDE

Once to every man and naticn comes the mo-
ment to decide,

In the strife for Truth with Falsehood, for
the good or evil side;

Some great cause, God’s New Messiah offer-
ing each the bloom or blight,

Parts the goats upon the left hand, and the
sheep upor the right,

And the choice goes by forever ’twixt the
darkness and that light.

Then to side with Truth is noble when we
share her wretched crust,

Ere her cause bring fame and profit, and ’tis
prosperous to be just;

Then it is the brave man chooses, while the
coward stands aside,

Doubtirg in his abject spirit, till his Lord is
crucified,

And the multitude make virtue of the faith
they had denied.

'Tis as easy to be heroes as to sit *the idle
slaves

Of a legendary virtue carved upon our fa-
thers’ graves,

Worshipers of light ancestral make the pres-
ent light a crime— v

Was the Mayflower launched by cowards,
steered by men behind their time?

Turn those tracks toward Past or Future,
that make Plymouth Rock sublime?

New occasions teach new duties; Time makes
ancient good uncouth;

They must upward still, and onward, who
would keep abreast of Truth;

Lo, before us gleam her camp-fires, we our-
selves must Pilgrims be,

Launch our Mayflower, and steer boldly
through the desperate winter sea,

Nor attempt the Future’s portal with the
Past’s blood-rusted key.

—James Russell Lowell.

THE MEXICAN FOUND A WAY

There are ways of evading duty down on
the Rio Grande impossible to the port of
New York. The Mexican found a way. He
was a merchant just on the other side of the
Mexican border. He had two vases which
had caught the fancy of an American cus-
tomer, but they were dear, and with the
duty added—not to be thought of. The cus-
tomer told the Mexican so. The Mexican
fell $5. But the price was still too dear. The

Mexican fell again. But still there was tke
duty staring the customer in the face. Th:n
suddenly, without explaining how, the Mex-
ican guaranteed that the vases should be de-
livered free of duty on the other side of the
Rio Grande—next morning at breakfast time.
‘““And,’’ the Mexican added in a character-
istic manner, ‘‘I will be there to collect.”’
At breakfast next morning, as the cus-

tomer was eating leisurely, the Mexican -ap-
peared. :

“Where are the vases?’’ the custcmer in-
quired.

““In the next room, senor,’”’ replied the
Mexican, smiling blandly.

‘“‘And the duty?’’

‘“There is no duty, senor.’’

““How in thunder did you manage it?”’
asked the American, amazed.
““I paid a greaser a dollar, senor. With

the vases strapped to his back, he swam the
Rio Grande. See, senor’’—hurrying to bring
in a vase from the next room ard touching it
gently with his fingers— ‘‘they are whole,
per-fect.’’

THE QUEBEC BRIDGE

The completion of the Quebec bridge after
two disasters marXks a triumph in bridge en-
gineering, yet the ultimate success of this
project has rested not so much on a spectac-
ular struggle with well-nigh insurmountable
difficulties as in more or less prosaic effort to
perfect the details of this great structure in
all its parts, declares the Railway Age. lhe
story of this ill-fated project isa sermon on
the importanca of minute care in detail, since
both of the disasters that befellit were
brought about through oversight of seeming-
ly minor features. In the first case it was
carelessness in the revision of dead-load cal-
culations and in the proportioning of the
lacing bars of the compressicn members. In
the second case the design of the saddles by
which the span was supported from the ele-
vator hangers was at fault. Bridge en-
gineering is essentially a matter of minute,
painstaking detail. Imagination and vissicn
play but a small part in the successful com-
pletion of even the most wonderful structure.
One of the best illustrations of the import-
ance of detail can be found in the fleld of
movable bridges. In most of the types the
fundamental principle is simplicity itself,
but ultimate sucess involved years of exper-
imentation. In one of the first types devel-
oped a period of twenty years elapsed after
the first structure was built before a second
one was attempted. The first one was a
most indifferent success, while a greater
perfection of working parts in the second led
to the repeated use of this design in subse-
quent structures. Bridges of ordinary pro-
portions built today are better than those of
years gone by, not so much because new
types or designs have been evolved, but be-
cause greater care is taken in the propor-
tioning of the details and closer attention is
given to the perfection of the workmanship
in the shop and in the field.
