---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_168.jpg
---
4

HONOR CLUB NOTES

- The Second Section met with rather a cool
reception from the Weather Man on Satur-
day afternoon and those who had hitherto
envied the Indian his condition of absolute
freedom on that afternoon coveted his blan-
kets also. Sunny corners were very much in
demand and checker and chess games lan-
guished, while ball players were a drug on
the market. We expected some of the oc-
cupants of the stone-pile to reportfrost-bite,
but have been disappointed as yet.

Pete, A 8432, our Vice-President, gave the
boys plenty of exercise and twice he marched
with the men, the band leading and colors
flying. President Reuben C. McKenty and
Pete were right on the job and had cheerful
words for all.

It was just the sort of a day to march to
the music of a good band with banners wav-
ing and crowds and red-fire, and all the rest,
and then go home at night to the wife and
kiddies with sore feet and a hole burned in
your Sunday-go-to-meeting ‘‘pants,’’ but
proudly conscious that you’ve done your duty
~ and saved the country. Yes,"we’ll ““wake up
please,”’” but we like our dream. Well, any-
way the parade was all right and we’ve got
to hand it to the 4th Block for the glory
they shed upon the occasion by their fine
marching. The rest of the line looked like
something you couldn’t believe beside them.
Although the 7th Block did pretty well, but
to the 4th must go the Encomiums, the Vie-
tor’s Wreath, and the applause. They march-
ed like the veterans of the Sccial War. They
doubtless are. We would like to see a com-
petition arranged between them and the 1st
Block. We don’t know who’d win, but we
do know there’d be some fancy stepping.

The Professor did his best to warm things
up for us by having his musicians play “Tip-
perary’’ for the opening number of the af-
ternoon’s Musicale, and the music furnished
was all of the liveliest nature.

The ever welcome Mr. Kraupa, with his
promise of good things to come, was present
with a couple of friends, while Mr. Dipple
circulated about the grounds radiating en-
couragement.

The Club is particuarly happy in its friends
and he is a cur indeed who doesn’t” feel and
show thankfulness for its great and unselfish
help. Those of our number who have known
and tested prison life under the old conditicns
can best appreciate the conditions of the pres-
ent, can best know what the Warden and Board
of Inspecters with the co-operation of our
friends of the outside,have done for us in giv-
ing us congenial work and clean amusement
and the opportunitv through co-operation
and a measure of self-goverment, to acquire
the mental discipline that makes for real man-
hood. It is our task to so live and work to-
gether as to keep these conditions unimpaired
and by results, unmistakably shown, win even
a greater measure of confldence, and for such

THE UMPIRE

end we ask the hearty co-opevation of every
inmate and every member of the Club.

The ball games of the afternoon we don’t
know whether to class as comedy or tragedy
or just plain farce. There were thrills
enough and fun enough for all three, and the
‘fans’’ certainly got their worth. But we
hesitate to mention the scores for fear our
reputation for veracity, which" we have la-
bored so hard to build up, will be forever
gone. But we will show the score cards to
any sincere inquirer. The ‘‘Bloody Fifth”’
lived up to their sanguinary title in the man-
ner they treated the 4th Block, but the 4th
revenged itself later onby the ‘‘lacing’’ it
gave the 7th Block. Next Saturday, Oct.
13th, the Frst Section will be out as follows:
1B, 9B, 10 B-8:BE6:B 6.6, 12 B 42 B-1G
12 B-2 G, 11 B.

— B 8266.

H. F. C. “XMAS” FUND

The H. F. C. stands for preparedness in
everything; hence this appeal by the Pres-
ident and officers of the Club to all members
and inmates and friends for funds to inau-
gurate the Club’s special charity: The Kid-
dies’ Christmas Fund.

The most of us are familar with its purpose,
the providing of toys, clothing, sweets, ete.,
for the children of our poorer inmates on
that one day of the year when itis the child’s
inalienable right to be happy.

What better thing could we do than make
two toys grow where only one grew before?
Maybe none! To help some overburdened
mother provide warm garments for little
bodies which would otherwise go ill protected;
to fill a too often empty ‘‘tummy’’ with lolli-
pops, all-day suckers, and all the other things
so dear to a child’s heart. Why! the worst
miser of our company would be delighted to
contribute to such a cause; the worst ‘‘smok-
er’’ of the bunch should be willing to smoke

. a cigarette or two the less a day, and give

the savings to the fund. The flag merchants,
millionaires-to-be, should be glad to contri-
bute a percentage of their earnings; say ten
per cent. The bead-workers also, though
perhaps a lesser percentage. While as for
our leisure ‘‘Clawss’” who live so famously
on their incomes, let them give generously,
and so be guilty of doing good for at least
once in their lives.

Be sure you will never regret your giving;
to awaken on Christmas morning, and know
that somewhere a’ little child, who would
otherwise face the tragedy of an empty
stocking ( Did you ever wake up on Christ-
mas morning and find an empty stocking?),
is clapping happy hands, and crowing in de-
light, because of your gift; it will give a
pleasant feeling about the midriff, which not
even turkey and all the ‘‘fixins’’ could sup-
ply. Take our advice and try once.

Think of the kiddies and just how much
you could afford to contribute towards their

%——“-———“_—_—

happiness; don’t be afraid of being too gener-
ous; we can use all you ecan give. Think of
them, boys; maybe past experience will help,
but anyway just think of the joy your gift
will bring to some home, some poor little home,
so forlorn and lonely. Think of the dear
little children in that home patiently wait-
ing for ‘‘Santa Claus.”” Will he never come
to brighten or will he? It is in your hands to
do this for them.

Give your number, together with the
amount you can afford to give to the fund,
to the delegate on your block or gallery. He
in turn will bring them to the Vice-Presi-
dent’s office on the 11th Block. Credit for
your kindness will be given by publishing the
number of each man donating to the fund
in the columns of this paper. Come on, boys,
wake up! Show them what we can do. And
always remember, the Lord was a cheerful
giver., :

— B 8266.

HUGE DAM FOR NIAGARA

In a recent article published in the En-
gineering News Record, T. K. Thomson, a
New York consulting engineer, advocates the
construction of a huge dam in the gorge
about four miles below Niagara Falls. Such
a dam, he says, would develop some 2,000,000
horse-power that now goes to waste. Spesk-
ing of its construction as a foregone conclu-
sion, he says: ‘‘The masonry structure will
be about 1,200 feet long and 150 feet high,
and will raise the down-stream level of the
river about 100 feet. The power houses
would extend down-stream from the dam on
both the Canadian and American sides, con-
siderable distances being required to accom-
modate the many turbines necessary. i

WOULD TRAIN HOLOES

An exchange says that J. A. Gray, of New
York, formerly of the University of Minne-
sota, declares that hoboes cught to be regis-
tered and put into training so that they would
amount to something to the country. ‘‘There
are millions of hoboes in the country,’”’ he
said, ‘‘thousands of whom are of the draft
age and who would profit from military train-
ing. Round them up each year, train those
who are fit and put the others to work in va-
rious institutions and keep them under su-
pervision for at least three years.

POSTAGE RATE INCREASE NOV. 2.

Postmaster-General Burleson hasissued in-
structions to all postmasters on the increase.
in letter mail rates becoming effective on
November 2. They apply to all domestic
mail, and under that classification is included
mail to Canada, Mexico, Cuba, Panama, the
United States postal agency at Shanghai
and all persons in the military service of the
United States in Europe.
