---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_169.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI |

Philadelphia, October 17, 1917

NO. 41

MERIT, NOT LUCK
THAT WON

The story is told by Billy Guerin that when
he was appointed deputy chief of the fire
department of New York City, some of his
department associates made a kick, advanc-
ing their own claims for the job. One of the
principal objectors was heard to say, ‘“What’s
he ever done? I’ve been in this game longer
than he; why didn’t they give me the boost?
The promotion belonged to me by priority in
the servic: anyway.’’ Later on, when the
wisdom of his appointrhent was proven by
repeated incidents of his efficiency, and he
was made chairman of the Fire Prevention
Federation of America, at a substantial sal-
ary, there was more kicking. ‘‘Say,’’ said
one objector, ‘‘that fellow Guerin is a lucky
one. Nothing like that falls my way. TI’ll
bet if he tell overboard he’d come up with his
pockets full of fish.”’

The man who doesn’t get on in the world
attributes the success of others to luck. He
wants and waits for the lightning of luck to
strike him, too; but it never does, for itis
not luck at all that advances men in the
world.

One may readily sense the qualities that
prompted Guerin’s fortunes from an incident
that happened recently.

Near Monroe, La., a great gas well caught
fire. It spouted thirty million cubic feet of
natural gas a day and a plume-like pillar of
flame shot upward with a roar that washeard
a mile away.

Every means known to the gas men of the
West was tried to put out that fire, but, said
the news reports: ‘“The clear flame as of a
billion gas jets burned steadily and noisily. "’
In despair the company telegraphed to New
York, and every one said: ‘“SendBilly Guerin
out there.”’

That wasn’t luck. Guerin was.sent be-
cause every one knew that he was in the
habit of doing things he tackled. So Guerin

went. He had never seen a burning gas
well. Here he was up against a new propo-
sition.

The three days and nights he spent on the
train were not wasted in story telling or idle
gossip, but all the time he was studying and
figuring, and when he arrived at the burning
well he said he could put it out with two
streams of water. They laughed at him and
said it couldn’t be done.

But Guerin played two streams of water
on the column of gas so they converged from
an angle of ninety degrees. Then he raised
the streams slowly up through the column
of gas until they reached the base of the

glare. Then the men at the two nozzles
squeezed their thumbs against the streams
there so the water spread out like a fan.
Striking the flame where it emerged from
the column of gas, the water became steam,
it cut off the flame from the gas and the
fire went out like a snuffed candle.

There you have the secret of why this man
Guerin climbed out above-his fellows. Not a
bit of favoritism. Just plain merit. He
used his head. He thought things out for
himself. He deserved to succeed.

In the way Guerin put out that gas well
fire down in Louisiana is a lesson for every
young man who must make his way in the
world.

LUCK AND LABOR

Luck is ever waiting for something to turn
up. Labor, witb keen eyes and strong will, will
turn up something. Luck lies in bed and wishes
the postman would bring him the news of a
legacy. Labor turns out at 6 o’clock and with
busy pen and ringing hammer lays the foun-
Labor

Luck relies on chance, Labor on

dation of competence. Luck whines.

whistles.
character.— Richard Cobden.

LEARNING TO FORGET

“Two and two are four—four and three are seven,
That was all that he could say—as-he sat in heaven.”

The above few lines are taken from one of
the most striking poems written last year.
Its strength lies in the manner in which it
depicts the dead level of monotony that is
so apt to fix itself on a man who does the
same thing every day. His life is directed
in a narrow groove.

Many a man’s existence has become mo-
notonous simply because he has never put
himself in the way of a new thrill. To break
monotony one must introduce new things into
his life constantly. The first step is to en-
large your share of interest. When you get
through with your daily duties, forget that
they ever existed. Turn your attention to
other activities—get a glimpse of things out-
side the routine. :

Many men have added figures in the day-
time who have made studies of the philoso-
phers, the poets, the sciences, the Bible, in
the evening. Any one can introduce their
topic in a conversation and they will hold
their own with any specialist on their favor-
ite subject. The same avenues are wide
open to any man. S

It is unnecessary to become the victim of

(Continued on page 4.)

T H E.S TUPLD IRy
OF CRIME

Hardly a day passes that does not furnish
an example of the folly of crime and the ul-
timate result of that policy. Under the above
title the Telegraph mentions the case of a
man named Levy who thought it a clever
game to fool others and make ‘‘easy money, *’
but instead he will for the next two years
‘have time to commune with himself, and
incidentally have many sighs of regret’’ over
his stupidity in not being able to see that it
pays handsomely to play the straight game,
especialy these days when the demand for
help is so incessant.

Even a man of the most mediocre ability is
now able to command at least three dollars
for an eight-hour day’s work, not to mention
a host of others who are getting twice that
amount.

As there are approximately six hundred work-
ing daysin two years, which if figured at three
dollars per day would total eighteen. hundred
dollars, and the sum that Levy bartered his
liberty for was less than three hundred dol-
lars, it does not require any hard thinking to
see that Levy would have been some fifteen
hundred to the good, if he had played a straight
game, not to say anything of his liberty and
lost prestige.

As the writer puts it Levy ‘‘will have suf-
ficient opportunity to ponder over his foolish
past and think of the great wisdom of the
words of Abraham Lincoln.

It was Levy who posed as Frank Daniels,
the eldest son of the Secretary of the Navy.
And in this guise he had no trouble in borrow-
ing $250 from a Federal officer in New York,
and $30 from the superintendent of a storage
battery company in New Jersey. So easily
are some of the people fooled some “of the
time that he even managed to gain entrance
into the Brooklyn Navy Yard after his fea-
tures had been compared to a photograph of
the real Daniels. :

But Levy made the usual mistake of trying
to work a good thing beyond its logical !imit,
and in the end he came to grief. Naturally
people began to wonder why the financially
embarrassed Mr. Daniels didn’t oceasionally
vary the program a bit, and appeal to the pa-
ternal treasury, and this curiosity taking con-
crete form, he landed into the hands of the
Federal authorities.

Two years seem like a long time to ponder
over one’s mistakes. But it may not be too
long for the slow comprehension of Levy.
Based on his apparent stupidity, it may take
him quite all of the two years to realize that
you can’t fool all the people all the time.
