---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_170.jpg
---
2
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

. Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, October 17,1917.

“A true repentance
more than the sujffering or the shame.’’

FOOD FOR SERIOUS THOUGHT

In a letter to the editor of Good Words,
the well known writer, Leigh Mitchell Hod-
ges, voices his sentiment in regard to the
man doing time in no uncertain way. Mr.
Hodges has for a long time been a sincere ad-
vocate of modern methods in prison manage-
ment,and a true friend of the prisoninmates,
but his confidence has been abused by those
he trusted and he is of the opinion that many
prisoners do not improve themselves while
in prison by a sincere desire to lead a new
and better life.

In his summing up Mr. Hodges says:

No matter how fair the state may be; no
matter how just the court; no matter how
humane the attitude of society; all these
things count for little if the prisoner him-
self is not willing to supplement them with a
bettered purpose and a higher aim.

Every time a priconer makes it appear he
is ready to use his freedom properly and
then goes out and misuses it, he not only
harms himself but the whole cause of prison
betterment.

Every time a prisoner makes a plea for
consideration and after that plea has been
granted, shows himself undeserving of con-
sideration, he strikes a blow at prison bet-
terment which is bound to react in more
ways than he can imagine. So while many
able and wise men are devoting their ener-
gies to'the solution of this growing problem
of humane conservation, their efforts con-
stantly are being weakened by some of those
they are striving to help.

These are facts about which every man in
prison ought to think seriously. He who
walks out of the gates a free man should re-
member that the world sees in him not only
an individual, but a group. If he comes
from Atlanta, the world sees in him the en-
tire lprison population of Atlanta. If he
comes from Sing-Sing, he is not only John
Jones to the world, but he is Sing Sing.

I do not mean the world is so vindictive as
some think, and persists in attaching the prison
stigma to him. I mean that he stands as the

shuns the ewvil itself

THE UMPIRE

representative of a group. So what he does
is to benefit or harm not only himself, but
also the group he represents.

There is no use in prisoners asking for con-
sideration unless they are willing to give
some consideration in return. There is no use
in railing at a system and then betraying its
benefits.

One real way to hasten prison betterment
in this country is for the released men to

«prove themselves worthy of consideration.

All the pleas that couid come out of all the
prisons would not gain so much as living ex-
amples of men who make good when they
are released.

I know there are such men. I know it is
possible thus to make good and I am sure
the dawn of prison betterment awaits only
an increasing number of these men, so that
the public may feel justified in working for
a larger measure of justice and humanity.

A CHEERING WORD NEEDED

““I used to know a man who was a genius
at taking the heart out of those who worked
under him. He was the original kill-joy—a
paragon of pessimism. He would roll over
on any one who worked under him. He was
an out until he looked like a punctured toy
balloon. I don’t think he intended to do all
the damage he wrought. He simply did not
know any better,’’ says Sid in the American
Magazine.

‘‘His specialty was criticism. The minute
you approached him with a suggestion he got
out his instruments and amputated your new
idea. Then he bathed you with an antiseptic
wash of gloomy words calculated to render
you immune to the development of any fresh
outpouring of inspiration. If some one did a
good job in the office, this man, who happen-
ed to be the boss, would come around’ and
cheer him up by telling him how it could have
been done better. He never even admitted
that a good job had been done at all, but im-
mediatelv set about to point out imperfec-
tions in the work. In this line, which was
criticizing, he held the world’s championship.
If he had been present at the creation of the

“earth, which is said to have been put over

quite cleverly in record time, he would have
hinted that the thing could easily have been
done in five days instead of six—and possibly
by Friday noon, or in four and a half days, if
certain precautions had been taken and if the
work had been more efficiently laid out with
a view of speed.

““The man about whom I write this heart-
felt tribute is dead. While he lived he was
about as popular as the hives. Nobody de-
rived any benefit from him. But when he
passed away heleft behind him (in our minds)
a thought. Here it is:—

““If you have people working for you, one
way to encourage them to do more and bet-
ter work is occasionally to pick out instances
where they have shown signs of ability and
commend them. Any worker, particularly a

: : ———————————————— —— e — . —— — 2

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celepbrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdavs at
the band -room.

young Worker, is likely to be unable to dis-
criminate always between his good work and
his poor work. If you are his boss it is up to
you to help him distinguish between the two.
It is also up to you to take the young man in
hand and explain to him why the good job
is good and the poor job is poor. In the first
instance he will be hearing something pleas-
ant and inspiring, and in the second instance
he will be in a better mood to listen to you.
You can also depend upon it that the man
who is intelligently praised for a good piece
of work will try to duplicate that work so
that he may sarn more praise.

“These gloom boys—Ilike the one I have
characterized above—keep an office so dark
with their doubts that nobody can see where
to go.”’

HOW’S YOUR BRAIN ?

Most of wus are not on very good terms
with our brains. It is rare to find a man
who is really comfortable in their possession;
the most painful process for many persons
is to think. :

Consider how great a share of our recrea-
tions are an attempt to escape cerebral ac-

tivity. We positively try to abdicate our
intellects. Why else should a man g0 on a
“‘bender?”” Why else do we throng the

amusement parks, where - thousands seek
mental annihilation in such edifying iustitu-
tions as the ‘‘bug house,’”’ the “‘shoot the
chutes’’ and the ‘‘palace of piffle?’’

The truth is we are a restless, nervous
race, oppressed by our brains. We haven’t
become accustomed to them yet, says a wri-
ter in the Chicago Tribune.

Measured by the standards of an ancient
world, the cerebral organ that distinguishes
man is a recent acquirement or development,
We have not succeeded in orienting it, as
other fauna have oriented their mcre lin ited
intelligence. The brain of man is described
by scientists as large and convoluted, while
that of fish is said to be small and smooth.,
Considering the happy, equable life of g
fish we may sometimes question the advan-
tage of possessing those cerebral convul-
sions, but, on the other hand, no one would
willingly consent to be a fish.

The customary methods of abdicating in-
tellect afford only temporary relief. The on-
ly solution is intensive cultivation and con-
