---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_171.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

trol of the cerebral organ. With a little
daily effort it is possible to get on pretty
friendly terms with the old bean.

HIS TRUST NOT IN VAIN

In a recently published article by Frank
M. White, he tells a unique incident of af or-
mer warden’s daring experiments to prove
a sense of honor among the men of the pris-
ons. One night in the spring of 1915 the
delegates of the Mutual Welfare League had
held an election in the prison court-room in
Sing Sing, and the count was not finished
until after one o’clock in the morning. The
warden then invited the fifty-four delegates
to his house, sent for his cook and butler,
both convicts, and served sandwiches and
coffee. The warden’s house, which has no
bars on windows or doors, is outside the pris-
on walls; there was no guard within a hun-
dred feet of it. The New York Central Rail-
road tracks are just under the windows on
one side, and the public highway on the
other. After their repast the prisoners, a
number of them under life sentences, went
quietly to their cells. Had any of the men
escaped or made the attempt to escape, the
warden would have been an object of deri-
sion and the future of the Mutual Welfare
League imperilled. He was ds confident
that they would not take advantage of his
hospitality as he would have been in the in-
stance of any others of his friends.

A MOST BEAUTIFUL CEILING

One of the most beautiful and elaborate
pieces of embroidery ever exhibited in New
York was the ceiling of the council chamber
of the imperial palace at Peking. This ceil-
ing was formed of yellow silk of heavy
quality that much resembled faille in the
weave. The back of a greenish blue, woven
in a small diamond pattern. The total meas-
arements of it all were twenty-one feet six
inches long and nineteen feetsix inches wide.

The design with which it was embellished
was an imperial dragon in the center and
four others, one in each corner. Encircling
these a groundwork was formed of cloud pat-
tern, and dispersed were small bats and other
symbols. The cloud effect was worked out
in blue and purple and the bats in pink. The
dragons were largely gold work,and a three-
fold line of gold surrounded each part of the
design. The story of this ceiling and how
it came to New York includes a small part of
Chinese history and custom, declares the
St. Louis Post.

It was in the imperial council chamber at
PeXking that the envoys of the various nations
met in 1902 to settle the Boxer difficulties.
At the close of the session a representative of
the emperor courteously informed them that
the contents of the chamber were considered
profaned by the presence of foreigners and
that they were at liberty to divide among
themselves the chamber’s furnishings. In

this manner the ceiling fell to the share of
the American envoy.

THE MAN WHO DELIVERS THE GOODS

There’s a man in the world who is never
turned down
Wherever he chances to stray;
He gets the glad hand in the populous town
Or out where the farmers make hay.
He’s greeted with pleasure on deserts of
sand,
And deep in the aisles of the wood;
Wherever he goes—there’s a welcoming
hand—he’s
The man who delivers the goods.
The failures of life sit around and complain,
The gods haven’t treated them white;
They’ve lost there umbrellas whenever there’s
rain,
And they haven’t their lanterns at night.
Men tire of failures who fill with their sighs
The air of their own neighborhoods;
There’s a man who is greeted with love
lighted eyes—he’s
The man who delivers the goods.
One fellow is lazy and watches the clock
And waits for the whistle to blow;
And one has a hammer with which he will
knock,
And one tells a story of woe.
And one if requested to travel a mile
Will measure the perches and roods;
But one does his stunt with a whistle and
smile—he’s
The man who delivers the goods.
Oune man is afraid that he’ll labor too hard,
The world isn’t yearning for such;
And one man is ever alert—on his guard—
Lest he put in a minute too much.
One has a grouch on, a temper that’s bad,
And one is a creature of moods;
Qo it’s me for the joyous and rollicking lad—
for
The man who delivers the goods.

FOG MADE TO ORDER

Fogs are in such great demand in certain
industries that they must be made to order
at great expense. Cotton, wool, silk, and
cordage mills, warehouses, paper mills, leath-
er and felt factories, printing plants, and
scores of other industrial works require a
uniformly humid atmosphere which is not
naturally obtainable. One of the most com-
mon means of attainiug this end is by pro-
ducing fog at numerous points throughout
a plant and mixing it with the surrounding

air. Popular Mechanics Magazine contains

an interesting account, well illustrated, of

how this is done.

ACQUAINTANCE WITH GOD A JOY

There is little doubt that the strong char.
acteristic of the early Christains was their
joy in daily commurion with God. But now-
adays it often seems as if religion was a

burden to be carried. In the old days it was
the unbounded faith that carried believers as
if on eagles’ wings. This contrast is height-
ened all themore by contrast of circumstances.

Perhaps nearly a majority of Christians
fifty years after Calvary were slaves, subject
to compulsion and indignities and with little
hope of comfort or worldly success.Yet the
impression they made upon their generation
was that of people who were in possession of
a great and overflowing joy. They went
joyfully to drudgery. They sang hymns in
prison at midnight with backs sore from the
whip. They went to their death like those
who saw a heavenly. vision. A company of
such happy Christains in every village and
city would simplify the problemofevangelism.
This joy was so strange in that old, weary
Greek and Roman world that men were at-
tracted to Christainty by it as the iron filings
are attracted by the magnet. It brought
many a sorrowing man and woman into the
fold to experience the joy of a loving ac-
quaintance with God.

CAT SKINS IN DEMAND

According to the statement of a trade paper
New York fur dealers are advertising for
catskins. There are persons in every neigh-
borhood who will pray that the fur dealers
secure a goodly supply; in fact, they will aid
and assist the dealers in securing the skins
of a few cats in the vicinity, if advised how
to proceed. But that has nothing to do with
the matter in this instance, for this is a busi-
ness proposition and is not influenced by the
prejudice against cats.

Cat skins have not been very highly valued
in the past, although their fur is good and can
be worked up into merchandisable commodi-
ties very readily. The skunk skin—and the
skunk is related to the cat—brings a good
price, but the common house cat has not been
in demand for its fur until this time. Now,
however, the New York merchants will pay
fifty cents for the skin of any old kind ofial
cat, and a dollar for the skin of a Maltese—
and twice as much for the skin of perfectly
black cats.

The fact that the merchant reportsthat he
has already secured fifteen thousand cat skins
shows there is a supply tobe had. He says,
however, that there are about fifteen million
cat skins in this country, now worn by the
cats, but which ought to be taken off and
sold.

NOT OURS UNTIL WE LIVE IT

The truth which another man has won from
nature or from life is not our truth until we
have lived it. Only that becomes real or
helpful to any man which has cost the sweat
of his brow,the effort of his brain, or the
anguish of his soul. He who would be wise
must daily earn his wisdom.

—Dawvid Starr Jordan.
