---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_172.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

_M

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The entertaiment furnished the First Sec-
tion, in the Club hall, on last Saturday after-
noon, was varied enough to be pleasing to all,
and of so high a standard as to please the
most exacting. It might have been a little
longer had the projecting machine been a
little less balky, but it was enough, and
everybody went home in the best humor,
after having enjoyed several good laughs,
and almost as many thrills, and who would
ask more? ‘‘Pete’” opened the session at
1:15 with a speech from the throne, in which
he counselled good behavior, and was followed
up a little later by the President in person,
who announced that the future of our enter-
tainments lay in our own hands, that we
could make them, or mar them, as we wished,
that constant good behavior was the price of
amusement, and that we could pay it or re-
fuse it, as we would. So now it’s up to us,
boys, to show ’em.

The Professor and his devoted band then
set every one’s feet a-tapping by tearing off
a few yards of ‘‘rag,”” and had everybody
smiling, ready for the first act. Miss Russell
had present a goodly array of talent, but
only the male portion of the same were al-
lowed to perform, owing to the new regula-
tions against female performers. Miss Rus-
sell was, of course, dissappointed, not having
learned of the restriction, but did nobly with
the remainder of her program. Lingerman,
ventriloquist, opened in ‘‘one,’’ and pleased
his audience from the start. His three
“‘dummies,”” Tommy, Sambo, and Johnnie,
were manipulated with skill, and their apt
replies to his questioning delighted the audi-
ence. He caused his voice to ascend the wall
to the roof, and back again. He spokeafew
sentences into a mere newspaper cone,and
the cone apparently repeated them, a la
phonograph, and in general amused and mys-
tified his hearers. We wish devoutly that
some of our yard orators would learn his
trick of voice changing at frequent intervals,
they would be listened to with a more sus-
tained interest.

Next to appear was a gentleman, whose
name we were unable to learn, who enter-
tain us with several songs of his own compo-
sition, notably, ‘‘That Chicken Belongs to
Me,’’ with its catchy refrain of “Children ob
Zion, please sit down; dat chicken belongs to
me,’” which particularly pleased the colored
portion of the audience. He also obliged us
with a Saxophone solo, about which we will
have to see the Professor before venturing a
eriticism. The next gentleman, whom we
believe to be Mr. Haines, was easily the
“hit”’ of the day, with his ‘‘patter,’”’ and
eccentric dancing, and contortionist work.
There were those who feared he would never
come untied during some of his most daring
ventures into the realm of ‘‘slip-knots,”” and
“‘diamond-hitched’’ with himself as subject
matter; but he always came up smiling, re-
placed collar, tie, coat, hat, and vest in one

and a half moments, which performance al-
ways evoked wild applause; and was ready

for the next seemingly impossible position.

He was a sure-fire winner with that large
portion of the audience which sought only to
be amused. But the ‘‘high-brows’’ came in-
to their own with the next number, by a
gentleman, whom for want of a bettername,
we shall call the Great Unknown. We don’t
know whether he was Caruso, or Caruso’s
cousin, a tenor, ora basso—as we have al-
ready mentioned, our musical ear, and know-
ledge, is best described as non est—we only
know that he could sing, and that we would
like to hear him again. .He sang that fine
bullad ““Mammy’s Little Coal Black Rose,’’
‘‘Smile, and Show Your Dimple,’”’ “My
World,’’ and in response to the insistent ap-

“plause, ‘‘Because She had Ideas of Her Own.”’

This concluded the vaudeville portion of the
afternoon’s entertainment, and Miss Russell
turned us over to the care of Mr. Kraupa,
whose lieutenants, and Hon. J. Mulligan, the
redoubtable ‘“Doc,’’ etc.,had been struggling
for more than an hour with the machine try-
ing to overcome its apparently invincible de-
termination to get away from them on the
curves, and spread devastation through the
audience. Finally Mr. Kraupa thought it
safe to make the trial, and with ‘‘Doc’s”’
trained hand on its pulse, and the Honorable
Jimmy feeding it; while a visiting expert
from the Universal Film Company acted as
consulting physician the essay was done.

The film was one of the famous Mack Sen-
net Comedies, entitled ‘*A Village Vampire,”’
and a good one of itskind. There was every
sort of thrill in it, with the Vampire ‘‘vamp-
ing’’ from start to finish. The manner in
which she ‘‘vamped’’ her way upstairs seem-
ed to make quite a hit with the audience.
There was racing and chasing by train, by
auto, by horse, and muleback, and a general
whirlwind of action till the scene in the final
reel, when, with one-half the actors tied to
posts, ete., in the burning ore-mill, the hero,
bound, and unconscious, on the feeding belt,
rapidly approaching the rock-crusher, the
villains escaping by the aerial tramway, with
a boatload of ‘‘cops’’ firing at them from the
river beneath; yes,there were thrills enough,
but of course virtue triumphed in the end, it
really does, by the way, if you will pardon
the pun, and left the hero and beautiful young
heroine in that famouse movie ‘‘clineh’’ which
should rightfully be headlined as ‘‘Calm After
Storm,’’ and everybody went away pleased’
and hoping Mr. Kraupa would bring on some
more of the same. We always like to see
such a happy mixture of fun and thrills, a
little love for sweetening and a little laugh-
ter. We sincerely hope that both Miss Rus-
sell and Mr. Kraupa will long be spared to
us, as their equals in unselfish work for our
welfare, we could scarcely hope to find.

Next Saturday, October 20th, the Second
Section will be out as follows: 3B, 7G, 7B,
5B, 5G, 4B, 4G. —B 8266.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 85¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)

TYPEWRiTING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. %

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.
e ——

(Continued from page 1.)
monotony. It is possible for every life to
overleap the boundaries which have a tendency
to hold it down. There is no denying the
imminent and constant danger of enslave-
ment when one is compelled to do the same
thing from day to day. But there is also
abundant proof of the possibilities of eman-
cipation. The living of the larger life is not
a matter of invironment. Itis a matter of
soul. Some of the biggest lives the world
has ever seen were lived for years in the
most straightened circumstances.

When you get through with a task, learn
to forget it. Occupy your mind with new
thoughts, engage yourself innew books, new
studies; spend your spare moments seeking
added enlightenment on things which interest
you and you will be suprised how soon your
present monotonous life will take on new
color. A prisoner’s life is dull and tedious,
"tis true; but so is many a man’s on the out-
side even while surrounded with opportunities
of escape from monotony.

There is no reason why any man should stay
in a groove. He may have no immediate pros-
pects for a change, but it is not necessary
that he should have. The thing to be guard-
ed against is the danger of letting his life
become conformed to his occupation. There
are many opportunities, even in prison, that
cost nothing, which permit a man to broad-
en hislife. There is absolutely no valid rea-
son why any prisoner who reads this should
ever be confined to the limits of

“ Two and two make four,
Four and three are seven ”’

— New E'ra.

A school to teach women to become car
conductors is to be established in New York
under the auspices of the women’s section of
the Navy League.

Machinery has been shipped from the
State of Washington to Honclulu by four
men who are making an investigation of the
use of the fibre from the banana trunk for
bag making. Heretofore the sugar planters
of the Hawaiian Islands used rags brought
from Calcutta as containers for the raw
sugar product, but war conditions and uncer-
tainty in the matter of shipments have com-
pelled them to look about for a substitute.
