---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_173.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

Philadelphia, October 24, 1917

NO. 42

PRESIDENT APPROVES
NEW DRAFT FOR
9,000,000 MEN

It is -announced that the President has
approved the new draft regulations which
will be promulgated soon to govern the selec-
tion of the remainder of the registered men
for the National Army.

The new plan aims to classify each of the
9,000,000 not yet drafted in his place in the
national scheme of defense and to postpone
the drafting of men most needed in war
industries and those having dependents.

To each registered man a questionnaire
will be sent for him to fill out and return to
his local board. Upon perusal of the ques-
tionnaire, he will be assigned to one of five
classes. If he is dissatisfied with the posi-
tion assigned him by the local board he has
the right of appeal to the district board to
change his status.

Class No. 1, the first from which the armies
will be drawn, will include all physically fit
men who have nothing to keep them from
serving.

Class No. 2 will include -those less fit or
those engaged in an industry necessary to
the prosecution of the war.

Class No. 3, those still less fit or highly
skilled operators.

Class No. 4 will contain men who should be
the last to be taken. -

Class No. 5 will be known as the ‘‘discard
class,’’ and in it will be placed those wholly
unfit for military service, either on account
of total physical disability or indispensability
to the Government in other service.

The local boards will immediately compile

a list of all the registered men under their

jurisdiction and to each of these they will
mail a questionnaire resembling a very rigid
cross-examination. Men will be allowed
seven days in which to return the question-
naire to the board,which will immediately
assign them to their respective classes.

Each man’s draft order number will be
entered on his questionnaire and will deter-
mine his order in the class columns at the
local board headquarters.

In drawing the men for service, class num-
ber one will first be exhausted, the other class-
es following in their numerical order. If a
man is called for physical examination and
turned down on account of total disability,
he will be assigned to class five, which prob-
ably never will be called out.

By the time the selection begins, it is

emphasized, all will have had a chance for

appeal to their district boards for assignment
to a less liable class. Thisis expected great-

ly to facilitate the quick drawing of men as
the needs of the Government dictate.

SECOND LIBERTY BOND SALE

The second Liberty loan campaign, which
has just been launched,-is now under full
swing, and is being handled in much the
same general course as in the first in-
stance.

Undoubtedly there are some of the in-
mates who would be glad to avail them-
selves of the opportunity to purchase one
or more of these Liberty bonds, as it will
evince their approval and support of the
principles of our Government.

Further information in this matter can
be obtained by applying to our Chaplain,
the Rev. Joseph Weleh, who will be pleased
to explain in detail the conditions under
which the bends are sold. — EDITOR.

U. S. GOVERNMENT
GIVES LARGE ORDER :
\ FOR LOCOMOTIVES

According to a recent announcement the
Baldwin Locomotive Works has received an-
other large order frcm the United States
Government for locomotives, for use in the
Army supply service in France.

The order, announced yesterday, calls for
300 consolidation freight engines, costing ap-
proximately $13,000,000.

On July 20 Baldwin’s was awarded a con-
tract for 380 locomotives of this type. This
order, it is understood, has been completed.

Up to ashorttime ago Baldwin’s was report-
ed to have had orders on its books amount-
ing to more than $100,000,000. This total,
it is understood, has been largely expanded
by recent orders, which will necessitate run-
ning the works at full capacity for the next
year. ;

RESPITE GRANTED. FOR FIFTH TIME

It was announced on Saturday last that
Governor Brumbaugh had issued a respite
staying the electrocution of Henry Ward
Mottern, of Jefferson County, from the week
of October 22 to the week of October 29, in or-
der to permit an application for a rehearing
of the case to be made. This makesthe fifth
respite granted to Mottern. His councel
hopes to save him from the chair.

A circus train in the West was delayed by
the elephants reaching thrcugh a window and
sucking up the water from the tender.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Second Section, and their guests, had
a royally good time on its bi-weekly outing
of Saturday afternoon, the 20th. There was
speech-making. A 8432, Vice-President, led
off with a few words of welcome— and warn-
ing; our President, the only ‘‘Rube’’ of our
acquaintance who has never been trimmed,
made it a little more emphatic; while Mr.
Kraupa made the welcome announcement
that the ‘“‘Honor System’’ had been booked
for the weeks of December 22-29; he was
good enough to hope that most of those pres-
ent would be out by that time, which as the
late Proctor Knott would say, is an irrides-
cent dream. There was music of the best,
the Professor and his gallant band furnishing
the first thrill by their rendition -of the In-
ternational Quick-Step, a medley of patriotic
airs, which fired the hearts of all with the
desire to do and dare, and maybe die, for
Someone, or Something, or Someplace, Some-
where in France. A recruiting sergeant
could have had the whole of us at that mo-
ment. There were good pictures, furnishing
both laughter and thrills, the meat and Jrink
of life, while Miss Russell, the Fairy God-
mother of the Club, bad provided some of
the most amusing ‘‘acts’’ in captivity for
our delectation. We feel sure that not a
member of the audience but would have
voted it the end of a Perfect Day, when the
whistle blew for ‘‘tea.”’

A multiple reel drama, ““A Woman Wills,”’
with Elsie Le Claire in the stellar role, be-
can the afterncon’s entertairment. Miss
Le Claire portrays a madcap maiden, who,
while still at boarding-school sees a fasci-
nating young lieutenant and marks him for
her prey—though we all knew from the
start that there was not the slightest chance
of the poor fellow escaping, still we followed
the chase with interest to the inevitable end-
ing, when, the villain’s machinations foiled,
the ‘‘happy’’ pair clinch for a ‘‘fade-out’’
finish. What impressed us most was the
great outburst of applause from the audience,
when in the final scene, the police appear up-
on the scene, and the villain, in this case, a
spy, is ruined in his very moment of triumph.

Gentle readers, was it ever thus? Did you
ever greet the police with cheers, when in
your supposed moment of triumph they ap-
peared upon the scene? I wot not. Andyet
there isn’t a man of us but would be ‘‘peev-
ed’’ should our favorite book, or play.
or picture, end with vice triumphant. Can
any of our Yard ‘‘philosophers’ explain this
anomaly? We personally think it a proof

(Continued on page 4.)
