---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_174.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, October 24,1917.

“There is said to be time Jor all things, but
the prudent man takes time by the forelock.’’

THE SPIRIT OF OVERCOMING

We are told that primitive man was an
easy-going fellow, with but little inclination
to fret about troubles and very much given
to taking things as they happened along. He
was contented to live an idle, unthinking
life, making no preparation for the morrow,
and was most happy when following the
line of least resistance. In other words he
simply vegetated.

The same holds true of some pcople of to-
day; they don’t like the thought of work,
and prefer to live from hand to mouth rather
than make a serious effort at anything. They
remain passive, waiting for somebody to
come along and do their thinking for them—
to take up their burden and make the way
smooth for a life of ease.

This class of men is doomed to pass away
in the near future, because nature, industry
and knowledge—in fact, the entire world—is
against him as a matter of social economy.
For only in retura for labor expended, and
difficulties overcome, will a man be tolerated
in the coming age of efficiency. If one con-
siders that invention, discovery and achieve-
ment don’t just happen, but are the results
of earnest effort, hard toil and serious think-
ing, it will not be difficult to understand that
useful men don’t just happen by pot-luck.
They are made so by hard work—constant
application of muscle and serious thinking;
and the civilization we are enjoying today is
due to the energy of those who have brought
this condition to pass.

Advancement in any line can not be ac-
counted for in any other way than through
the mastery of obstacles that impede the
way.

To be sure, every man has difficulties and
obstacles to overcome. He may be dejected
or over-awed by them, and he may whine
and complain that luck’s against him. But
that is not the proper attitude to assume.
No one having a manly spirit within him will
permit anything to keep him from attaining
a worthy object. :

If we look about us we can see that nature

is a wonderful teacher of persistency’ from
which we can gain inspiration to persevere.
For it is evident that the seed has to strug-
gle through the soil in order to blossom in
the sunshine.

Many a man never really learns what
strength he can develop until he comes up
against a wall of difficulties that will demand
the use of every faculty he has in order to
break through. )

It would be well to remember that a man
may have to face sudden death and nothing
but his presence of mind will save him. If
he has made it a practise to think quickly
and use his initiative constantly in facing
life’s difficulties, the chances for saving him-
self by his wit will be greatly enhanced in
that extremity. ‘ -

POWER

Any person, in any walk of life, who puts
jealousy, hate, and fear out of his life will be
distinguished. All good things shall be his;
they will flow to him.

Power gravitates to the man who can use
it; and love is the highest form of power that
exists.

If ever a man shall live who has infinite
power he will be found to be one who has in-
finite love.

The way to free yourself - from discord is
not to take a grip on yourself and strive to
be kind, not that. Just don’t think much
about it, but lose yourself in work. If your
intent isright, your actions will be also. Hell
and heaven are not localities—they are states
of mind.

Once we thought work a curse, then it
came to us that it was a necessary evil; and
yesterday the truth dawned upon us that it
is a precious privilege. There is more joy in
useful effort than in the painstaking avoid-
ance of it. Creeping into the lives of men
everywhere is the thought that co-operation
is better than composition. We need each
other, and by giving much receive much.
That old maxim, ‘‘Cast thy bread upon the
waters,’’ is founded on a stern psychologic
law. Everything we give out comes back
tous. Give outlove, and love returns. To
grasp and grab andseize is to lose.

We are reaching enlightened self-interest.
And so there is a strong setting of the social
tide toward useful effort and the elimina-
tion of the parasite. This through the
knowledge that we can thrive through ser-
vice and not through exploration.

Everywhere schools and colleges are doing
things, not merely talking about them. The
education de luxe—the education for show—
will soon be consigned to limbus. Already
we say, ‘‘The man is the most educated who
is the most useful.”” And the true test of
education will lie in its possessor’s ability to
serve. ‘

Do not go out of your way to do good, but
do good whenever it comes your way. Men
who make a business of doing good to others

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

are aptto hate others engaged in the same
occupation. Sacrifice and self-abnegation
are not needed.

Simply be filled with the thought of good,
and it will radiate. You do not have to both-
er about it any more than you need to trouble
about your digestion.

Do not be disturbed about saving your soul.
It will certainly be savedif youmake it worth
saving.

Do your work. Think of the good. And
the evil, which is a negative conditior, shall
be swallowed by the good.

—Elbert Hubbard.

ONE NEEDED FRIEND

One stormy weoather friend is worth an
army of the fair weather sort.

Few people are capable of a true and last-
ing friendship.

Resent the statement, do you?

You think you are a friend to several.

Right off the bat, how much would you
stake So-and-So who is in trouble, and needs
funds to appeal his case?

Would you risk your own position to put
another ahead?

Would you risk your own popularity to see
another appreciated in a social way?

Are you willing to sit back and hide your
talent under a ‘‘basket’’ soyour friend may be
able to shine in something you can do well or
better?

Of course,
taking equally if possible, but it should mean

friendship means giving and

giving anyway as we have opportunity and
there is need.

Make-believe friends are worth less than
nothing—waste of time. s

When most needed they are deserters. -

But when you find a true, faithful, staunch
friendship looking your way, go out to meet
it with joy in your heart and truth in your
soul.

And live up to the requirements—although
it’s not always easy to do so.
