---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_175.jpg
---
_—“—“____—_—*——'—“—_—____————'—_—“:——___———

SEWING WITHOUT THREAD.

A prominent writer says thathe overheard
a little girl declare that she liked to sew
when there was no thread in the machine, be-
cause it ran so easily.

A good many people, 1 think, are pretty
fond of running their machines without
thread.

When I hear a boy talking largely of the
grand things he would do, if only he could,
and if only things and circumstances were
different, and then neglecting every daily
duty, and avoiding work and lessons, I think
he is running his machine withoutany thread.

When I see a girl very sweet and pleasant
abroad, ready to do anything for a stranger,
and cross and disagreeable in her home, she,
too, is running her machine without any
thread. -

Ah! This sewing without a thread is
easy indeed, and the life machine will make
a great buzzing, but labor, time and force
will, in the end,be far worse than lost.

THE SPEED OF A PITCHED BALL

““A pitched ball has been shown to travel
a litt'e over two miles a minute,”’ says
Frank B. Gilbreth, the well-known efficiency
engineer and who has specialized in motion
study, knows prcbably more about champions
than an; >th2r man—champion golf players,
champion fencers, champion baseball players,
champion handkerchief folders, champion sur-
geons and champion typewriters. In his ef-
forts to dircover the fundamental laws of
human motion, he studies every sport and
every handicraft, says Popular Science Month-
ly. But he studies with the camera—the
motion-picture camera—not with the eye.

Since it is necessary to know the time oec-
cupied in carrying out a given motion, some-
times to the thousandth of a second, and
since camera cranks are never turned uni-
formly, Gilbreth has invented a special clock
with the scene. Itisa very peculiar clock,
for it has only one hand, which makes six
revolutions every second. That clock ap-
pears on every film and the position of its
hands enables Gilbreth to determine the speed
of a motion down toone-millionth of an hour.

Behind a baseball catcher a background is
hung, ruled off into one foot squares. Every
movement of the pitcher, catcher, batter,
ball and bat is photographed against that
background. Thus by referring to that back-
ground in the film the direction and extent
of every motion can be accurately determined.

With White in the box, Mullaney catching
and Snodgrass at second, it required 4.407
seconds to pitch the ball (including the ‘‘wind-
up’’) and return it from the batter to sec-
ond for a put-out. The actual time that
elapsed from the moment that the ball left
the hand of the pitcher to the moment when
it dropped into the glove of the second base-
man was 1.607 seconds. The actual time
consumed from the pitcher to catcher was

THE UMPIRE

0.451 second—a rate of somewhat more than
two miles a minute. The catcher recovered
to launch the ball at second base in0.316 sec-
ond. It required only 0.769 second to throw
the ball from catcher to second base, a dis-
tance of 129 feet. The record for a 100-yard
dash is only 9 8-5 seconds. No wonder bases
are difficult to steal.

Gilbreth’s films are interesting in showing
how long it takesa player to make up his
mind what to do next. A baseball player
must make quick decisions. A delay of a
tenth of a second may be fatal.

Strange things are revealed by Gilbreth’s
camera. So swiftly does the ball travel that
it is struck by the bat before the pitcher’s
foot has risen toits full height fromthe ground.
Some pictures show the ball in the catcher’s
glove before the batter even began to strike.
A baseball club is a model of team-work.
And yet, the New York baseball team knows
less of itse.f than does Gilbreth.

THE SUNNY SIDE

There’s a custom I admire,
It’s a strictly rural one, '
Jest the plain ol’ country custom
Of a stayin’ in the sun.
W’y our visitin’ in winter,
When the reéighbor men drop in,
Is a-mostly in the sunshine
On the south side of the bin.

On the south side of a buildin’
Some’rs ’bout the dear old farm
You can find us, talkin’, laughin’
Where the sun is bright and warm;
And our hearts are warmer, gladder,
For the friendly tales we spin,
When we visit in the sunshine
On the south side of the bin.

Trouble clouds can’t stand the sunshine,
Worry has to beat it, too,

When you let a little sunlight
Filter round the heart cf you,

And there ain’t no sweeter sunshine
Ever fell across the day

Then you’ll find about a farmyard
In the winter time, 1 say!

So, when days are dark and dreary,
And old Trouble’s hangin’ ’round,
H’ist your head up in the sunshine,
Plant your feet square on the ground,
And jest git out in the open,
Where the farmyard echoes blend,
On the south side of your troubles,
Where the sunshine is, my friend!
—Jay B. Iden.

A NEW WORD, BUT OLD IDEA

We have anew word —camouflage. A new
word, but not a new idea or a new art. We
have had the camouflage girl with us for
some time. Camouflage, so the dictionary
people tells us, means painting to deceive the
eye. It is an art that is being employed in
the war. The tops of submarines are being
painted to look like the rippling green sea

3

waves. Battleships and cruisers are being
painted so that their hulls will blend with
the gray sea mists. Along the war front
camouflage is being used to convey the im-
pression to the enemy balloon and airplane ob-
servers that batteries are located where they
are not, also conceal the real location of
guns, ammunition cellars and strategic troop
movements. Paint is used to deceive the
eye. That is camouflage. Butis it a new
thing undeér the sun? Go to! It is not so! Are
we not all distressingly familiar with the
camouflage girl? The idea is just ‘the same
when applied to faces,we take it, as in the
case of the submarines and the terrible tanks
to deceive the eye of the critical observer.

Camouflage as applied to ships and armored
tanks may be more or less of a success, but
as applied to the ladies it doesn’t fool even
the wayfaring man.

“GO SOUTH, YOUNG MAN!”
compiled by the

According to figures

'~ ““Manufacturers’ Record,’’ the total value of

the South’s agricultural products in 1916 was
more than $4,650,000,000. With one-third of
the country’s population, the South’s crops
for last year showed one-half of the country’s
gain in crop value over 1915’srecord. Of the
total crop value in 1916, nearly 41 per cent.
was produced in Southern States. And this
prosperity, avers a Richmond paper, based
on the firmest of all foundations—the pro-
duce of the land—is but beginning. If an-
other Horace Greely were living and advising
today, he would say, ‘‘Go South, young man
—and get your share!”’

THE UGANDA RAILWAY

The builders of the Uganda railway had
other difficulties besides natural obstacles
and the hostility of natives to contend with.
When the railroad reached Tsavo work was
held up for weeks by the depredations of
two man-eating lions, whose almost incred-
ible boldness and cunning caused a reign of
terror among the workmen and resulted in
many casualties. Their exploits caused ques-
tions to be asked in Parliament, and their
story, told by Colonel Patterson, who finally
shot them, in ‘‘the Man-Eaters of Tsavo,”’
forms one of the most thrilling wild beast
stories on record.

EARNS $21 PER DAY AS MINER.

$21 per day is pretty good pey for a miner.
At least such is the opinion of Robert
Conway,a West Virginia coal miner, who load-
ed 17 cars of coal the other day,for which
he received $21.25. It is said that Conway
was a former Southern league baseball player
with a good pitching record.

Tea compressed into blocks which resemble
plug tobacco is sold by an English firm for
the convenience of tourists.
