---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_176.jpg
---
4

(Continued from page 1.)

that we still retain our natural instinct for
the right, and we respectfully suggesttoyou,
gentle reader, that you cultivate it a little.
To play a ‘‘hero’” part in the scheme of life,
is much more comfortable than to play the
“yillain,’’ and a blame sight safer.

Our F. G. then waved her wand, we mean
hand, and appeared Professor Peaks and
his blockheads, a kind of sublimated Punch
and Judy show, which kept the audience in a
roar of laughter from start to finish. The
antics of the little puppets were indeed ludi-
crous, and we tender Mr. Peaks our thanks
for a quarter of an hour of pure fun. The
Wulkel Kids, a very small boy and a not-so-
much larger girl, appeared next: in singing,
dancing and joking, they made a brave show-
ing, and we venture to predict, will be ‘‘head-
liners’’ some day. ~Mr. Charles Leonard,
comedian, made a decided hit with his songs
and “‘patter,’”’ and we can assure Mr. Leon-
ard of a hearty welcome if he should ever re-
turn; we mean a temporary return, of course.
Allen & Collins’ sorgs and ‘‘patter’” were
also vary good, their singing of ““Kilkenny’’
and ‘“There’s Something in the Name of Ire-
land,’’ in such manner as to earn hearty ap-
plause, but it was the ‘‘business’” that won
the laughs. We thank you, gentlemen, and
we will be here with a hearty welcome should
you ever cave to return. We think there’s
something in the name of Ireland ourselves;
and as for Kilkenny, we have a brood of its
famous cats, judging by the voices of the
night, here residing with us. Last, but very
far from least, came Mr.
propriately styled the ‘‘Nordica of Vaude-
ville,”” who repeated his triumph of the pre-
ceding Saturday. We hope he comes every
Saturday; we’re a second Oliver Twist when
it comes to singing, and Mr. Haynes can cer-
tainly ‘‘deliver the goods.”’

The vaudeville portion of the afternoon’s
entertainment concluded, Mr. Kraupa gave
us another picture, a two-reel farce called
“Mr. Droppington’s Family Tree’’ with the
inimitable Ches Conklin in the title role. It
was a ‘‘secream’’ from beginning to end, vied
in the amount of crockery broken, the
number of involuntary ‘‘flip-flops’’ turned,
the number of pies and other eatibles used
as ammunition, with any of Charles Chaplin’s
comedies. We enjoyed it, every one, and we
tender our sincerest thanks to Mr. Kraupa
for his part in the day’s entertainment. He
and Miss Russell are spinning a thread of
gold into the dull gray of our lives by their
weekly provision for our amusement.

We must congratulate the members of the
sections upon the good order maintained so
far, and we earnestly hope that this record
will be maintained unimpaired until the end
of the season. The continuance of the enter-
tainments depends entirely upon our preserv-
ing perfect order and the keeping to the let-
ter of the rules laid down to us. Any one
who finds it too hard a task to refrain from

Ed Haynes, ap-

THE UMPIRE

the use of tobacco for a few hours, to be
quiet and gentlemanly for the same length
of time, has our full permission to remain in
his apartments for the afternoon, in fact,
he would be doing his fellow-inmates a favor
by doing so. Any one whose acts should
cause the stopping of these entertainments
would be decidedly ‘‘personanon grata’’ with
the rest of us, and we could use a stronger
phase. :

W e regret to report that the contributions
to the ‘‘Kiddies’ Xmas Fund’’ have been so
fow as to lead us to believe that our muni-
tion (bead) workers must be saving up for a
hard winter; we can assure them that they
can loosen up without danger of starvation.
Judging by the ‘‘collections’’ of the last few
days money is the thing to be sought after,
so why not give it for the benefitof the ‘‘Kid.
dies?’’ Surely some of us were young once
upon a time, and have known the delights of
tree and stocking, or known the misery of
deprivation, the envy of our more fortunate
playmates. Can any one remember this, and
still keep that unnecessary ‘‘jitney’’ in his
mattress? We hope not, and we hope in the
next few days to see.such a flood of contri-
butions as will ensure every ‘‘kiddie’’ of
every inmate a Happy Christmas.

On next Saturday, October 27, the First
Section has its inning, the batting order
as follows: 9B,8B, 6B, 6 G, 12 B; 12-1G;
12826 11 B 48

— B 8266.

YOU MUST HELP YOURSELF

I once knew a boy whose hobby was math-
ematics. He had practically finished higher
arithmetic when he was eleven and the ad-
vanced algebra when he was thirteen. One
of his peculiarities was that he would per-
mit no one to help him work a problem. He
would not listen to a suggestion. He would
fight or leave the room before he would suf-
fer a word to be said that would throw any
light on the solution of his ‘‘sums.’”” Per-
haps he had not reasoned it out, but in his
own heart he regarded the opportunity to
work a problem as a privilege of which he

-was very jealous and with which no cne might

interfere.

That boy is now a successful man. I have
followed his career with some interest and
have seen him make his mark. He has kept
the same traits, although expressed in differ-
ent ways, that he manifested in his boykood.
He still insists on working out his own prob-
lems and thinking his own thoughts.

The boy who asks another to help him with
his lessons is cheating himself. Heisrobbing
himself of training and mental discipline. He
is weakening his own faculties. He is hand-
icapping himself for the problems that life
itself will present when he has to make his
own way and can not obtain outside help in
their solution.

It is as though a man were training for a

—_— e e  ———

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (ana)

TYPEWﬁiTING done at reasohable rates:
B 7386, 3rd Block. ot

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; aIStﬁ fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices recs. B 5575, 6 B.

POLISHING done. Tables a1 d jewel boxe s
estimates cheerfully given. I 8156 6 Blocl .

HANDSOME pin cusionsof di."erent desigris.
See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Bead fobs 504 each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block.

FdR SALE—Fancy circles mz;de of beads in
flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cleap.
B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Blcck.

e

race and would ask another to do his road
work or as though one preparing fora boxing
bout depended on another to use the punch-
ing-bag.

We can not win by proxy nor send a substi-
tute into the battle of life. :

Stand «n vour own feet. Live ycur own
life. Think out your own ccurse.

There are few if any questions that ever
confront a human being that can not be solv-
ed by that being if he thinks hard enough
and deep enough and straight encugh. All
this is a matter of will power and of mental
training. He must learn to concentrate un-
til he can shut out everything in the world
except the one questicn kefcre Limr. He
must be able to analyze and to put it into its
simplest statement. If he thinks long enough
he will discover that to every problem there
is a key and after that everythirg is sin ple.

In whatever situaticn you find yourself,
think your way out. o

< _ — Nawtilus.

Before the war Germany was the most
highly socialized State in the world. Now
the war is forcing the complete adoption of
the theory of Karl Marx. It remains to be
seen whether the masses of the German peo-
ple will be willing to go back to the old so-
cial system after the war, or whether they
will insist that if Socialism is gocd encugh
for the Empire in war it must be good enough
for the Empire in peace, says the N.Y.
American. We are inclined to think that
they will hold fast to Socialism, that their
example will excite similar action in other
European countries, erd ‘hat in a few years
the whole bunch of kings, potentates, princes,
aristocrats and bureavcrats will be working
for a living in every country from Petrcgrad
to Lisbon.
