---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_177.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI Philadelphia, October 31, 1917 NO. 43
HOW HALF BILLION IN As an extra precaution to the guards two ENTERTAINMENT OF |
GOLD IN SUB-TREASURY extra policemen in uniform are assigned to MUSIC AND SONG BY

IS PROTECTED

According to all accounts elaborate precau-
tions have been taken to protect the sub-
treasury building, at Wall and Nassau streets,
New York, and the hundreds of millions of
dollars in money and bullion its vanlts con-
tain. Fearing that some misguided foreign
patriot may attempt a bomb outrage, the city
and government are co-operating to protect
what is probably the largest store of currency
and specie in any one place in the world.

Several months ago the vaults contained
$152,000,000 in gold coin and $231,000,000 in
gold bars. Since then it is believed that ac-
cumulation has been greatly increased by
shipments of gold from Europe. A large
banker in Wall street expressed the belief
a few days ago that the sub-treasury vaults
contained not less than $500,000,000in gold coin
and bars. Itissaid that Russie2 ¢ t one time had
a ‘‘war chest’’ of $400,000,00C¢ in gold and for
years there has been unofficial reperts that
the great indemnity mulcted from France by
Germany in 1871 had been kept intact in a
“‘warchest,’’ but so far as officially reported,
the store of gold at Wall and Nassau streets
at this moment exceeds any other accumul-
ation.

Between the narrow sidewalk in Nassau
street and the gray granite sub-treasury
building is a deep areaway only three feet
wide, but running from twelve to eighteen
feet in depth. This areaway extends down
along the exterior of the gold vaults.

Workmen have recently installed four
electric arc lamps along the Nassau street
side of th= building. A little after dark those
lights are turned on and they flood the hereto
dark and deep areaway with light.

Other lights have been placed at the front
of the building, in Wall street; at the rear,
in Pine street, and along the eastern side,
facing the assay office, so that the sub-treas-
ury is now one of the most thoroughly lighted
buildings in New York, and while not as gaudy
and colorful asa Broadway cabaret restaurant
the lighting is much more thorough.

In addition to the lights is an increased
force of guards attached to the treasury
department, co-operating with more police-
men than ever before assigned to that place,
either day or night. At each corner of the
building an armed guard not in uniform was
placed, while another walked up and down in
Nassau street, another in Wall street, a third
in Pine street and another in the lot to the
east, where the addition to the assay office is
to be erected.

that street intersection, one standing at the
corner, while the other patrolled. In co-op-
perating with the government thepolicedepart-
ment has arranged a code of signals to sum-
mon a large body of policemen, always on
reserve in the Old Slip station. So there is
now no chance to tap the Goverment till.

THE SMILE OF WE)LCOME

An observant man once said that. ‘‘ushers
in our churches are responsible for a lot of
people becoming non-church-goers.

Why? Because of the chill they give strang-
ers who enter the edifice where they officiate.

It is all right to say that the person who
pays attention to the manner of the man who
seats him is not in church for the right pur-
pose.

But if people were barred from church be-
cause they went from ulterior motives, how
many woulid be in their places Sabbath morn-
ing.

It may be curiosity, or want of a better
(to him) place to go, but there is some sort
of religious prompting or he would notenter.

It is the duty of the one who greets him to
inspire from the first a feeling that it is good
to be there.

It cannot be done by a solemn-faced, cold-
blooded piece of alabaster who stiffly bows
and without turning a hair unfeelingly says:

““This way please.’’

The true Christian should be joyful and
happy in the beautiful thought of salvation,
and his countenance should pass the thought
on.
The kindly light in the eye, the warm grasp
of a hand, the gracious smile of welcome tell
the story.

So the question is, ‘“‘What kind of a greet-
ing do you extend to the stranger within the
gate?’”’

WONDERFUL LAKES
DISCOVERED IN LABRADOR

According to a correspondent of St. Johns,
N. F., a chain of lakes hitherto unmapped
and rivers equally unknown were traversed in.
the interior of Labrador by the exploring
parties of representatives of the National
Geographic Society and the Carnegie Muse-
um, Pittsburg, which arrived here recently.

The journey covered about 750 miles over
a route never before traveled by white men.
Even five Indians who were taken along as
guides proved to be unfamiliar with the
country. :

The party left Seven Islands Bay, on the

(Continued on page 4.)

ORCHESTRA AND CHOIR

Patriotic airs and sacred songs abounded
in the program rendered by the E. S. P. or-
chestraand inmate choir on the Center, at
this institution on Sunday last.

The numbers were happily selected to
please and inspire the visitors and inmates
and was received with repeated encores.

Professor A. F. Wiegandt, as conductor,
yielded the baton with becoming grace,
holding the musicians and choristers under
perfect control, and clearly showing the fine
results of his careful drilling.

A pleasing address by Chaplain Joseph

Welch followed the conclusion of the pro-

gram, which was as follows:

: PROGRAM
1. Hungarian Lustspiel Keler Bela

2. Hymn 242 (R. B.) " Lowell Mason

(a) —Thus Far the Lord Has Led Me On
(b) —Lord I’'m Coming Home (R. B. 231)

3. Hymn 226 (R. B.) A. J. Showalter

(a) —Leaning on the Everlasting Arms
~ (b)—My Faith Looks to Thee (R. B. 216)

4, The Golden Trumpet Worrell
5. Hymn 63 (B. S.) Chas. H. Gabriel

(a)—Jesus Remembered You
(b) —Growing Dearer Each Day (B. S. 22)

6. Nearer My God to Thee Mrs. Adams
7. Hymn 209 (B. S.) B. D. Ackley
(a)—If Sometime, Why Not Now?

8. The Radiant Morn Hath "Passed Away
: [ Woodward
A. F. WIEGANDT, Conductor.

RULES FOR SUCCESS

At a meeting of the Brooklyn, N. Y.
Y. M. C. A., recently, Alfred C. Bedford,
president of the Standard Oil Company, de-
livered a highly interesting address to its
members, in which he gave the following
rules for success: '

“Do everything you are told to do.

‘“Have no regard for hours. :

‘‘Read and study and think of your work.

‘“‘Have imagination,have some vision.

‘““When a fellow misses a chance, he wor-
ries. But there is another coming—it is just
around the corner. Catch it as it goes by.

‘I always ask any young man that comes
into my office whether he has any religious
affiliations or not. When any fellow has
somebody or something stronger than he, on
whom he trusts in temptation, it will bring
him over his trials and give him success.’’
