---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_178.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday." v

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

writer’s number.

The Editor will be- responsible only for such matter-as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, October 31,1917.

““The more some so-called wise people strive
to tell us the less we ‘understand.’’

LIVE ABOVE THINGS THAT HURT

Do you remember the griefs of your child-
hood? Very few, you answer. Why is this?
Is it not because as you grew older you
changed your point of view, you accepted
new and different ideals, you became ab-
sorbed in different interests, and so forgot
the sufferings that at the time seemed un-
bearable, asks a writer in the Magazine of
Mysteries.

Now, dear reader, I want to make this
lesson as practical as possible; therefore, 1
must say, start right in from this moment,
to live above the things that hurt. No mat-
ter what has happened through your igno-
rance, or that of others; no matter how hard
or bitter has been the suffering, you can for-
get it. You can displace the pictures of evil
with others that are fair and beautiful. But
first of all you must forgive those who have
caused you suffering. You must forgive
yourself, if need be, and when you have
done this, that is, when you have taken
away, banished from your mind the sting of
the memory, you will be able to fill your
mind with happier thoughts. You will see
yourself in a larger, better light, and begin
to realize the childishness of holding a grugde,
or of thinking how someone has wronged
you. “‘But,’’ I hear you say, ‘‘how can: I
help it, when I seem to be in the midst of it
all the time?”’ ;

In this way, dear 1eade1 you can . deliber-
ately speak and sing words of praise and
thanksgiving. What for, you ask? Why,
for the privilege of correcting this condition.
Is it not something to be thankful for that
you have the privilege of conquering inhar-
mony; of changing the unlovely into the
lovely? Isitnot worth while to thank God
that He has made you able to be master of
your moods and feelings?

I am sure that you will think so when you
have tried it.

There is never a day but what you can
give thanks for the blessings that day bas
brought you. There is never an hour that

you can net sing a praise song. . This will be

the way by which you can enter into a new
life, and become a new creature. You will
no longer be lonely and misunderstood, but
you will be radiant and joyous, an angel of
sunshine to everybody around you. Life
will bring to yourself all that means harmony
and happiness. Life will mean love and
brightness as it should. Try this, brother,
and see if you are not blessed. ;

CONSCIENCE IN YOUR WORK

The habit of doing what we have to do as
well, as thoroughly, and as speedily as pos-
sible, without immediate reference to its
probable or possible effects upon ourselves,
is one which would of itself secure at once
the best success for ourselves and the great-
est good of the community, says a writer in
the Fortnightly Review. It would settle
many vexed questions and solve many knotty
problems. Instead of this, the common
course is to consider closely the comparative
benefit which is likely to accrue to us in re-
turn. ‘“Where do I come in?”’
recurring query in American life today.

There are degrees of this calculation, from
the strictly just to the grossly selfish. One
man tries to estimate the true worth of his
labor and performs it accordingly; another
gives as little work and secures as large re-
turns as possible; and between these there is
every shade. But in all such reckonings
there is one important element left out. No
one can count up the value of the labor
which is both generous and conscientious.
Even its money value can never be ecalcu-
lated. ,

The youth who enters business life deter-
mined to do all that comes to his hands as
well and as quickly as he can, who is anxious
to learn and eager to please, who never
measures his work by his wage, but freely
gives all the work and the best work in his
power, is vastly more valuable than he who
is always bearing in mind the small pay he is
receiving, and fearing that he may give too
much in return.

So the mechanic or the clerk, who be-
yond even his obligetiors to his employer
or the demands which public opinion could
make upon him, exerts himself to make his
work as perfect as he can, and delights in
the thoroughness and excellence, apart from
any benefit it can render him, has a value
which can never be computed. It matters
not what the work may be, whether it is
done with the spade or the laborer, the pen
or the clerk, the brusk or the painter, or the
voice or the statesman. Conscientious and
diligent persons are sought far and wide;
there are always places open to them, and
their services are always at a premium.

Talent and skill count for much, but con-
science in work tells for far more. He whose
integrity is unquestionable, who can be
trusted ' absolutely, who will work equally
well alone as when every eye is upon him,
and will do his best at all times, is an invalu-

is the ever-

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebratedat the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. :

able member of soc1ety, and he can not do
all this merely from a motive of self-inter-

est. It is the result of somathing more: it is
conscience, vitalizing every detail of labor,
and raising it to its highest pitch of excel-
ence.

FARRAGUT AND NELSON

The entrance of the United States into the
world war did more than increase the already
overwhelming preponderance of the allied
fleets; it reinforced the fleet whose greatest
hero is Nelson with the fleet whose greatest
hero is Farragut.

Nelson’s two greatest achievements, says
Harry Merril Hitchcock in Navy and Mer-
chant Marine, were the victories of Aboukir
and Trafalgar. Before Aboukir, he lay outside
Toulon, waiting for the French fleet to come
out, they dia come out, eluded him and got
as far as Egypt before he caught up and
smashed them. Seven years later,. before
Trafalgar, in precisely the same fashion he
waited outside for Villeneuve, and ultimately
chased him as far as the West Indies and
back before catching him at Trafalgar.

Farragut’s two greatest achievements
were the capture of New Orleans and the vie-
tory of Mobile Bay. His problem before
each of them was fundamentally the same as
Nelson’s. Farragut’s solution, however,
differed radically from Nelson’s. He did not
wait outside for his enemy; he went in after
him.

The comparison may not entirely be fair to
the great British admiral. But we are not
merely making a historical comparison be-
tween two men; we are using them as typical
representatives, each of the traditional navy

strategy of which he is the greatest hero.

Nelso1’s strategy has been, with few excep-
tions, the standard British naval strategy; it
has been the Dritish strategy during three
years of the present war, Farragut’s strategy
was also that of Dahlgren at Charleston and
Porter at Fort Fisher; it was the strategy of
Dewey at Manila; and there are men now on
the bridges of our dreadnoughts who followed
that great pupil of F_arragut into Manila Bay
on that memorable May morning.

The principals of naval strategy never
change. The problem of the submarine is
simply the latest and most sinister form of a
