---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_179.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

problem as old as naval warfare. While Nel-
son lay outside Toulon and Brest and St.
Navaire, swarms of privateers issued from
those ports, and played such havoc with Brit-
ish commerce on the seven seas as the sub-
marines, in proportion to their opportunities,
have yet to approach. Before Farraguttook
New Orleans and went into Mobile Bay, those
two ports were nestsof blockade runners and
raiders, but when he had finished with the
nests, the wasps troubled him no more.

"DEADLY POISON GAS

Testimony as to the horrible eftects of the
new form of poison gas introduced by the
Germans on the Western front is given by
Miss. Clara G. Perry, of Boston, who is now
driving an ambulance for the French army in
Northern France, in the following letter,
published in the Boston Advertiser, which
was recently received from her at the New
England headquarters of the American Fund
for French wounded:—

The gas cases are awful, this horrible new
kind, that blinds or burns after a few days,
and that penetrates the gas mask, and is, I
believe, infectious—at least, they tell us we
must be careful.

The refugees from Armentieres were a
pitiful sight—coughing, half blinded by the
gas and half clothed, just as they were saved
from a bombardment, Our medicine chief is
himself from the North, and you can realize
how much he feels all this sorrow and how
well he will know how to distribute our help.
We are having very hard work just now, for
the ‘‘train sanitaries’’ are bringing in crowds
of wounded.

My work has been confined to Amiens, for
I am driving a very heavy car, which carries
“‘couches’’ (men lying down) chiefly, and is
not suited for outside work. . .

Today being my ‘‘jour de repos,”” 1 have
been helping prepare the very absorbent cot-
ton which your New England branch sent and
which is so much finer and better than we
can get here; your zinc and oxide adhesive
plaster, which holds on the dressings so firmly,
and your dressings and rolled bandages to
cover the wounds.

Is it not a privilege and a coincidence that
your work at home and mine here should fit
it so opportunely? Of course, I shall only be
able to do this occasionally, as usually the
dressings are changed at the time when I
have to clean my car and oil and gasoline it;
but I ean show them how to apply the am-
brine and every third day can help, for we
have twenty-four hours duty every three
days, and the next twenty-four en repos.

I am writing this in my room, where I am

resting, having been driving last night until

2 o’clock.

Oh, you tireless home workers, you are
wonderful! You only get little occasional
bits of thanks for the happiness that you are
~ gending to so many corners of France—and
= yet you work on, day after day, and week

S

after week, never tiring and also unaware of
what you mean in the lives of so many here.
I take off my hat—I refer to my French army
casque—to you. Yes, I have a helmet and a
gas mask, neither of which I have yet had to
wear. If the Germans see fit to visitus here,
I hope it will be with good honest bombs and
not with their hideous blinding gases!

OUT OF THE SILENCE

And what can you say when the day is done
And you’ve gone to your bed of rest?
When the shadows come and the light has
gone
O’er the rim of the golden west,
And a silvery beam of the moon creeps in
As if in aimless quest?—
What do you say
When a kindly voice that you seem to know,
Out of the shadows speaks soft and low,
““‘Well, what did you do today?’’

O, what can you say when you’re all alone
With the master of all the task?—
How much of sin do you have to own
When the voice of the master asks?—
How many things that you left undone
Your studied answer make?
What do you say
When out of the shades of the silent night
The Master speaks with the Master’sright:
““Well, what did you do today?”’

Thrice blest is he of the humble way
Who sinks to his bed of rest—
The rest he earned with a toiling day
With love of his labor blest—
Who hears the voice of his Master ask
And can truthfully say ‘‘My best!”’
The man who can say
“I’ve trod the way of my best intend,
I've helped a friend and I’ve made a friend’”’
To ‘“What did you do today?
— Unknown.

FRIGHTFUL WEAPONS

The weapon common to every part of Hin-
dustan, so as to deserve the name of the na-
tional arm, is the ‘‘katar.’”” This is a broad,
two-edged dagger, the hilt of which is formed
something like an H. the hand grasping the
crossbar, which is generally double, while
the side bars extend on each side of the
wrist.

Some katars are made with five blades
which unite into one, but by squeezing to-
gether the crossbars the blades diverge like
the fingersof a hand when the thrust has
been given. Other katars are made in sets
of two or even three, of diminishing sizes,
the blades of the larger being hollow and
forming sheathes for the smaller.

Some of the southern Indian katars, known
as ‘‘death givers,”’ are immense weapons,
nearly two feetlong in the blade, and the
hilts are a mass of fantastic scrollwork and
mythological monsters, the cobra with ex-
panded hood figuring largely.

There are also the ‘‘bich’hwa,’’ or scorpion’s

sting, a doubly curved dagger; the ‘‘khan-
jar,”’ a larger form of the same, and the
‘‘peshkabz,’’ or hunting knife. But none of
these elaborate weapons has about it the ter-
ribly ‘‘businesslike’’ look of the Khybet knife
(““ch’hura,’’) with its ponderous single
edged, tapering blade and plain ivory hilt.

WAR NOW COSTING $160,000,000 DAILY

According to the estimates made by the
Mechanics and Metals National Bank of
New York, the belligerent nations of the
world now spend at the rate of $160,000,000 a
day—$6,500,000 an hour—and the United
States is paying at least one-quarter of this
staggering sum. By next August, according
to the bank’s figures, the total cost to the
world will be $155,000,000,000. Already ex-
penditures have exceeded $100,000,000,000, of
which all but a small fraction bas been tran-
slated into permanent national indebtedness.

Interest on public debt is now calculated to
be more than 10 per cent. of the normal in-
come of the German people,as compared
with less than 4 of 1 per cent. in the case of
the people of this country. About 53,000,000
men are today engaged in the war. To what
extent the allies have gained superiority over
Germany is shown by the bank in striking
fashion. »

EFFECTS OF COLD AND HEAT

The effects of freezing and thawing on
building stones are to be tested at the Uni-
ted States Bureau of Standards by means of
an ingenious form of apparatus designed for
this purpose, says the Scientific American.

It is well known that all kinds of stones,
slate, brick, concrete, ete., will disintegrate
in time when exposed to the action of frost,
especially in humid climates, like that of the
eastern United States, the action being due
to the freezing and consequent expansion of
water held in the pores of the material.

[t is obviously very desirable to ascertain
the merits of differeat builcing materials as
to their susceptibility to such damage, and
many tests have been carried out for the pur-
pose. The novel feature of the testing ap-
paratus designated at the bureau is its rapid-
ity of operation. The apparatus will auto-
matically move a charge of stone, concrete,
or other materialback and forth from a freez-
ing chamber to a thawing chamber at the
intervals required to completely congeal and
thaw the contained moisture. It is expected
that by this means eighty to one hundred
freezings can be made in aday, whereas such
a testformerly required several weeks. Thus
it will be possible to determine definitely the
number of freezings required to bring about
a certain degree of disintegration.

Having obtained this information with re-
spect to a given kind and grade of material,
it should be possible, on the basis of climatie
statistics, to predict approximately the num-
ber of years’ service it may be expected to
give in a specified locality.
