---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_180.jpg
---
4
HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

At the weekly meeting of the Board of
Delegates of the H. F. C. the principal busi-
ness was the election of a Secretary in suc-
cession to B 8762, forced to resign by press-
ure of his other duties. We fully appreciate
his gallant, but unavailing efforts to accom-
plish the impossible, that is, to be in two
separate and distinct places, at one and
- the same time., and his resignation was ac-
cepted with regret, and a vote of thanks for
his efficient services tendered him. He has
consented to remain on the Board of Govern-
ors of the Club, and his effort to introduce
the Taylor ‘‘speeding up’’ system into the
work of the Club may yet be successful.
B 8266 was unanimously elected his successor.

The newly appointed Delegates for the Tth
G, B 7471, and 10th B, B 5401 were introduced,
and blushingly made their maiden speeches.

Apropos of nothing in particular we will
here pause to remark that we always admired
the violet: it is such a shy, and shrinking
bloom. We would heartily recommend it as
the Club Flower. Fifteen applications for
Membership in the Ciub were passed upon,
and accepted, at a total cost of 40¢ in dona-
tives. This figures out at less than three
cents per capita, and causes us to point with
pride to the purity of our electoral methods.

B 7983, the Club’s Wateh-Dog of the
Treasury, reported a Balance of $78.46, which
makes it look like a hard winter for the Club
unless some. of our Bead Millionaires will
start an Endowment Fund. Expenses during
the week were $1.59 to B 6608 for making
base-balls; $7.56 to B 7983 for tape for same
and $1.00 loaned to B 8177 at the Gate.

ENTERTAINMENT

The entertainment program on Saturday
afternoon was a long, and delightfully varied
one; the whistle blowing before it had reach-
ed its end, and the boys of the First Section
had every reason to be pleased with their
half-holiday, thare wasn’t a dull minute in
1t

After some cautionary remarks by the
Vice-President, (A 8432,) which we are glad
to note, were well heeded, good order being
maintained throughout: Professor Wiegandt,
and his intrepid band brought the audience
to its feet by their fine rendering of the U.
S. A. National March, and we proudly assert
that not a man in the Hall but would have
gone ‘‘over the top,”” and brought back a
section of German trench as a souvenir had
he been given the opportunity. We assert
without fear of contradiction that we are the
most patriotic bunch of would-be warriors in
captivity. If Pershing really wants to
get to Berlin let him send for us. We are
sure there are scores of men here who could
find the combination of the German trenches,
and if necessary crack the Berlin ‘‘box’’ for
Uncle Sam.

The picture of the afternoon was a five-

THE UMPIRE

story of Russia under the old regime, and the
Jewish persecutions, with the scene shifted
to the U. S. in the final reels. It was mark-
ed by fine acting, and finer photography,
and was very much to the audience’s taste.
Hon. J. Mulligan was at the helm of the
machine, which, perhaps recognizing its
‘““Master’s voice,’’ behaved fairly well.

Professor Peaks and his blockheads repeat-
ed the triumph of the preceding Saturday
and wereevery bit as amusing. We assure the
Professor that if to laugh is to grow fat,
every one present at his two performances
have gained a pound or more through his ef-
forts, and are by so much his debtors. Cleve-
land & Dillon, juvenile artists, next appeared
in a singing and dancing ‘‘turn’> which was
much appreciated by their audience. We
wish them every success in their chosen ca-
reer. ‘‘Papa,’’ the ‘“Veteran of Vaudeville’’
then delighted his hearers with some clever
impersonations, and a gentleman whose name
escapes us, appeared in a ‘‘rube’’ costume,
and sang some comic songs, winding up with
a (cow) bell solo, which remindedsome of his
hearers very forcibly of the days when they
were wont to let down the pasture bars, and
call ‘‘Bossy’’ and ‘‘Star’’ etc., home in the
twilight. Mr. John Devlin proved himself a
““Prince of Entertainers’ with his songs and
jokes. His talents as a reconteur made him
easily the hit of the afternoon, and we ex-
tend him our thanks, and a hearty invitation
to call again. We wish we had space to re-
tell some of his good stories, but we can at
least advise those who weren’t present to call
upon those who were for further particulars.
Mr. Charles Thompson, of the Keith circuit,
then presented a juggling act, which is likely
to lead to the ruining of a lot of institution
tin-ware in the next few days by would-be
imitators. The final act on the program was
furnished by a gentleman, sponsored by Miss
Russell, whose name we also failed to catch;
who with vocal imitations, facial contortions,
and banjo interpretations, very acceptably
did his ‘‘bit.”’

GENERAL

Our attention has been called to the fact
that there are many questions being asked
regarding the disposition of that portion of
the Xmas Fund which was raised the previous
Spring; there have been even ugly rumours
of late suppers in official circles, and inves-
tigations have been hinted at. We will crush
these rumors in the bud, by stating that the
full sum given, $103.56, was invested, with
other monies of the Club, in Liberty Bonds
of the first issue, and has been safely draw-
ing interest all the while; and at the proper
time, will be used for the purpose for which
it was given. The incorruptible integrity of
the Club officials is once more vindicated, as
well as their business sense, for the Bonds are
now selling above par, and take shame to
ourselves! but we’ve made money out of our
patriotism, for a dollar and two cents now

reel drama, entitled ‘“The Melting Pot,”’ a THE UMPIRE «AD”

COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 85¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. ¥

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
peck_lacgs for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.

POLISHING done.

FOR SALE—Alto horn in good condition and
tutor almost new for $6.00. B 8753, 7th Block.

FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in
flac shape: also gold tipped flags. Cheap.
B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Bleck.

flourishes, where but a dollar grew before.

It’s sad, but true. So don’t be afraid to
loosen up. boys. The Watch-Dog is on the
job, and every penny of yovr money will g0
to give some child a Happy Day, and lighten
the load of some weary and distressed
mother.

Next Saturday, November 3, the Second
Section will go out as follows: 7G, 7 B, 5 B,
5G, 4B, 4G, 3B. — B 8266.

DONATIONS FOR THE WEEK OF OCTOBER 22.
1917, FOR THE KIDDIES’ XMAS FUND IS AS

FOLLOWS;
Eleventh Block

B 8361, $10.00. B 8285, 7307, $1.00. B 7762,
50¢. B 8650, 6157, 7317, 2621, 8119, 8733
8563, 8069, 7073, 8472, T574, 8449, 7722, 5412,
4728, 254. B 7447, 20¢. B 8975, 8766, 8779,
7864, 8432, 7913, 7898, 7688, 10¢. Total $17.20,

Third Block

B 3998, 8308, 7851, 8294, 8596, 7655, 8004,
7773, 25¢. B 8335, 164, B 7772, 7220, 5882,
7299, 7836, 8326, 10c. B 8537, 5027, be. To-
tal $2.85. :

(Continued from page 1.)

north side of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, about
the end of May, and traveled north by canoe
and portages, reaching Fort Chimo, near Un-
gave Bay, on . August 22. In addition to map-
ping the country, they studied its natural
history. .

It is declared by W. E. C. Todd, leader of
the party, that the existing maps of a large
district were found to be inaccurate and al-
together misleading, having been made by
guesswork from information supplied by the
Indians.

Those who were instrumental in passing
the Federal migratory bird law in 1913 may
well feel proud of themselves, bird census
data indicating an increase of from 10 to 100
per-cent. in the water fowl breeding in a
number of specially examined localities.

