---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_181.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

Philadelphia, October 7, 1917

NO. 44

A SPLENDID ACHIEVEMENT

Now comes the usual criticisms of the Gov-
ernment for its failure, here and there, to
have everything in applepie order at the'can-
tonments ‘when the troops arrived. These
critics do not intend to be disloyal and create
dissatisfaction with the Government, says
the St. Louis Star, but that is the actual re-
sult of their fault-finding. If they could vis-
ualize the herculean nature of the job the
Government undertook, when it began
to organize an army of a million and a quar-
ter men from the ground up, providing every-
thing from nothing, they would exercise a
little more patience and self-restraint when
they find blankets short here, uniforms short
there and heating apparatusshort somewhere
else.

The most wonderful feat ever performed
in a military way has been the creation of
the new American Army and the construc-
tion of cantonments and manufacture of
equipment. Nothing like itwasever attempt-
ed before on such a gigantic scale. The ac-
complishment has been phenomenal. The
failures have been few, and none of them
real failures,merely delays. Every Amer-
ican citizen should be proud of what has
been done. No military nation of Europe
believed it could be done.

All of Germany’s war policy has rested
upon the theory that we could not do it.
But we are doing it, and we will do even
more. Ample money,ample natural resources,
_splendid industrial development and a
business capacity unselfishly given to the
service of the country, with abounding ener-
gy and the national characteristic of going
at things in the shortest and most practicable
way, are the secret of this great accomplish-
ment. Let us shout praises instead of criti-
cisms.

MUST MAKE ALLOTMENT

Every enlisted man in the military or naval
forces of the United States must allot for
the benefit of a wife or child an amount
equal to the Government’s family allowance,
with a maximum, however, of half his pay
and a minimum of $15 per month, declares
the Review of Reviews. If he has no wife or
child and makes no voluntary allotments for
other dependents, or for other purposes, the
the Secretary of War or Navy may require
him to deposit with the Government at 4 per
centum compound interest half his pay, or so
much of half his pay as he does not allot
either for his dependents or for other pur-
poses.

This puts the man with dependents more

nearly on a democratic footing of equality
with one who has none and the better-paid
American soldier with the poorer-paid Euro-
pean with whom he is fighting.

The family allowances are basedon a grad-
uated scale depending on the number of de-
pendents, and are conditioned on allotments
of equal amounts up to half pay. In no case,
however, does the allowance exceed $50 for
one family. An ordinary enlisted man re-
ceiving $33 per month in foreign service, if
his family is large enough, may be required
to allot $16.50 per month and secure thereby
for his family a total income of $66.50 per
month. :

STARTING LIFE ANEW

Youth is marching to the front. Old age
and middle age remain behind to make up the
home guard. Ruthlessness has called the
“‘comers’’ in business and professional life.

Eyes that have grown tired from watching
the drab scenery along the weary road of
failure are brightening. Steps that have
been halting and uncertain have regained the
spring of youth. Many men are starting life
all over again at the age of 60 or 50 or 40,
and in the absence of youth they are not tobe
denied.

The grim reality of the existence of war is
shot through with its strips of silver, says
the Sioux City Journal. Everywhere, the
land over, the men who were not swift
enough for the pace of youth are ‘‘coming
back.”” And what an inspiring sight it is*to
see the elderly man step back into theranks,
head up, chest out, ‘dressed in the garments
of anticipated success.
as a father who has been regarded with some
suspicion by sons and daughters, he is now
regarded as one who for all his life has been
misjudged, and who, given the opportunity,
has power to lead all men. It is given to

~ sons and daughters to forget economic facts

in this new judgment.

A FORMULA OF SUCCESS

““Enthusiasm is one of the qualities which
make for success in any undertaking,’’ said
a well-known business man the other day.

‘It is not like water, that can be turned
on a spigot; but rather it must be spontane-
ous to be wild and effective. What gives
us enthusiasm for our work? The recognition
of the worth-whileness of the work we are
to perform; and ‘‘the worth-whileness’’ of
the work must wholly depend upon the
amount of service that that work will render
to our fellowman.’’” Contending that the true
measure of success in life depended on a

In some instances,

man’s mental attitude toward his work, the
speaker went on to say that he had evolved a
formula which if followed would eventually
lead anyone to the highest possible success
of which an individual was capable. It was
as follows:

“‘Constructive development of self plus per-
sistent intelligent activity equals success.

““The development, first of the physi-
cal, keeping the body clean and whole-
some, as the foundation upon which all the
rest depends. Thz development of the in
tellectual side, of the spiritual side. The
development of the humanitarian side, of
the sympathy with —not for—the other fellow.
Not the constructive development of these
qualities from a few angles, but from the
spherical, rounded development which makes
the perfect rounded whole. An undertaking
so great that no man has yet begun to attain
it. .

“Plus persisent activity—not consistent,
for that is on the level; not insistent, because
that is impertinence,but with that persistent
upward, outward and onward force, with an
intellectual integrity of purpose that sees
clearly the vision to be attained and drives
steadily for it, not allowing itself to be
diverted into the blind alleys which lead no-
where.

“There is -an old saying that ‘‘Keeping
everlastingly at it brings results.”” This is
not true, for you can set a hen on china eggs
and she will keep everlastingly at it without
attaining the results. So the persistent effort
must be intelligent effort. And when you
have all of these, of what use are they unless
you actively apply them? But if you have
all of these and do actively apply them, you
will attain the highest success of which you
as an individual are capable, but that success
must always be measured in terms of service
rendered.’’

OFFERS BOND FOR PAWN

A Harrisburg correspondent informs us
that a pawnbroker in that city called up the
police the other day and notified them a man
wanted to pawn a $50 Liberty Bond. He
asked if it would be all right to make the
loan. The police said they had no objections.
““‘How much are you advancing?’’ asked a
sergeant. ‘‘He wants $30 on it, but I'm
only giving him $16.50,”’ said the pawn-
broker. That would seem to beat gold dol-
lars for fifty cents.

Parachutes to bring an airplane safely to
land after it has met with a mishap in flight
are a French invention.
