---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_182.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday. :

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned. 7

All communications from mmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Oﬁice, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
~ writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: - Editor.

Philadelphia, Novmeber 7, 1917.

“Life is full of checks and many of them
are glaring forgertes.’’

MAKE YOUR OPPORTUNITIES COUNT

Many a man has failed in life because he
lacked ambition or faith in his ability to rise
above pressing difficulties; while others
again, waste precious time in needless rou-
tine work that could be avoided with profit
to their advancement.

This leads one to believe that a man’s
work should be so chosen and so carried out
that at the end of each day’s labor the man
himself shall be the gainer, -and so able to
say, ‘‘This day I worked as becomes me. I
have expanded my ideas and developed my
power to do and to dare.’”’” By so thinking
and doing he will have acquired an impetus
" to carry -himself well on the road to success.

However, if you lack that quality do not
be surprised that you stick in the same old
rut, while some one else who you may be-
lieve to be your inferior, but who through
desire for self-improvement has advanced to
a correct understanding of the situation and
secured a clear lead.

With every step upward progress becomes
easier, and if a man continues to make the
best of his opportunities there can be but
~ little doubt about the final outcome; for the
- world loves a winner, and to such she offers
her best. Thus it is easy to understand that
the man making good in any line of business
finds it much easier to add to his financial
resources than the man who continually wails
and finds fault.

By all means learn to note the success of
others who have used the very same methods
that are at your call. No one has a corner
on brains, and no one can do what another
cannot equal.

{t is said that men working for $100 a
month are to be found in great abundance,
while $100 a day men are hard to find; the
reason being that most men fail when oppor-
tunity knocks at their door.

We live in an age when opportunities and
advantages are actually pleading with men
to stretch out their hands and grasp them.

‘The general run of people have admira-
tion for the men or women who accomplish

great things in science, art, literature and
business. The average man will sigh with
regret and say that if he had been born with
a superior brain, such as the noted ones seem
to possess, he, too, might have become fa-
mous.

The man with the courage of his convie-

tions, who knows he is right and who works
with faith and firmness in the right, as his
conscience will dictate, will advance desplte
all criticisms and rebuﬁ's

COMPULSORY LABOR LAWS

Compulsory labor laws have been enacted
in Maryland and West Virginia, to meet the
emergencies of war conditions. It is now
required that every able-bcdied male in the
States mentioned, between the ages of eight-
een and fifty shall register and hold them-
selves available for such employment as may
be assigned them, providing they are not al-
ready employed. To some this may seem
like an unwarranted interference with the
traditional freedom of American citizenship
but it is only anticipating a conditicn of ne-
cessity that inevitably will arrive if the war
shail continue for a number of years.

No thoughtful person will question the
right of the Government to draft its citizens
for military service, and if it shall face a
necessity for labor, rather than for fighting,
the task may be none the less a military
service and consequently an obligation upon
the citizen. It would be within the extra-

ordinary powers of the Government, justified-

by the necessities of war, to commardeer
labor for a navy yard, for an ammunition
plant, or for the industrial army necessary
for the preparation and maintenence of army
camps, if sufficient labor were not avzilable
through ordinary agencies. And there would
be perfect analogy in recruiting men for
farm work in the production of necessary
supplies for the army, in the operation of
mines for the production of necessary coal
and iron, or on the railroads for the trans-
portation of necessary supplies; and from
present indications it looks very much as
though such steps may be taken in the near
future, owing to the scarcity of labor.

It seems clear that every citizen ought to
be willing to do his part. There is no place
for idlers in the performance of the national
contract of war. The ‘‘work or fight”’ laws
are in full consonance with the spiritof times,
and it is to be hoped that they shall be found
to be consistent with the constitutional letter.

THE THINKER

Wellington and Blucher gave their names to
boots, Lord Cardigan of Balaclava fame is
commemorated by a waistcoat. Wolseley by
an officers valise, and Gladstone by a bag,
with all of which inventions none of them
had particular personal concern. The Sam
Browns belt, which became important after

the Boer War, and had taught_the folly of a -

certain parade ground notion of making an

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are Leld on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jew1sh services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

ofﬁcer unduly conspicuous, has now become
universal. According to the United Service
Magazine, it is the outcome of many years’
patient thought on the part of General Sir
Samuel Browne,V. C., who was born it India
in 1824, and did notable service there both
before and after the Mutiny.

At that rate says the New York Tribune,
Sir Samuel might have evolved an entire
suit of clothes if he had given several cen-
turies of ‘‘patient thought’’ to the subject.

SR e e e e

GOOD TIMES AFTER THE WAR

It is asserted that unprecedented growth
in the foreign trade in the United States has
been accompanied by a beneficial chenge in
its charater. The most important change is
an increase in exports of manufactured gocds
and a decrease in imports of the same class.

In a recent interview by a Washington coer-

respondent, Dr. Pratt, chief of the Govern-

ment’s bureau of commerce predicted that
America will be in a better positicn after
the war than now to develop foreign trade.
He says; “‘I believe it is absurd tkat Euro-
pean nations will be able to do more after
the war than they did before. 1 believe that
domestic wants will have to be filled before
European nations can seriously undertake
foreign trade. Ihave yet to find the practi-
cal man largely engaged in exyporting who
believes he will do less business abroad after
the war than he did before.

ICE ROAD TO PETROGRAD

Canadian soldiers, who have seen railroad
tracks laid on ice and operated throughout

- the winter on the St. Lawrence and other

waterways where the ice is eightren inches
or more in thickness, believe that the Ger-
mans can march up the Gulf of Finland to
Petrograd and build railroads on the ice as
fast as they advance, ascerts the N. Y. Com-
mercial. The Baltic Sea contains only half as
much salt as the ozeanc, and the water in the
gulfs that run in frem it is still fresher, so
ica forms much more readily then in open
seas. If the Gulf of Finlond ‘re~z ¢ up as
so'idly asis general'y sup;o e/ winter night
make the advancze ~asier 'n t:ad of harder.

When the trans-Siberian railroad was con-
structed tracks were laid on the ice acrcss
