---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_183.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE -

3 €

e e e
e e ————————————————————————————

large rivers and lakes over which transpor-
tation wasunintsrrupted for months. InCan-
aja tree trunks and telegraph poles are used
for cross ties and are almostinstantly attach-
ed to the ice by pouring water on snow shov-
eled around them. No grading is required
and the result is a dead level air line track.
On a graded roadbed American and Canadian
construction gangs can lay ten miles or more
of new track in a day and still faster work
can be done on level ice. Of course, the
feasibility of this plan depends on the kind of
ice encountered in the Gulf of Finland inside
the Reval. Ice eighteen inches thick will
support a railroad track under heavy traffic.

AN ENGINEERING MARVEL -

Were it not for the war, more general at-
tention would be given to the completion of
the Catskill reservoirs, by which New York
adds a new water supply with a total capac-
ity of 500,000,000 gallons to the present Cro-
ton supply of 336,000,000 gallons. The signifi-
cance of the completion of the two dams
in the Catskill Mountains, the Kensico and
the Ashocan, and the distributing system
does not lie, however, so much in theamount
of water impounded and delivered to all parts
of Greater New York, including-Staten Is-
land, but in the engineering marvels that
have marked the prosecution of this great
work, says tke Public Ledger. In .a way,
the 120 miles of the new aqueduct, running
from the mountains to the city, siphoning
under the Hudson at Storm King at a depth
of 1140 feet, entering New York 250 feet be-
low the surface and ending 750 feet below
the level at the Battery, with a ‘‘flexible’’
pipeline carrying fresh water through the
salty bay to Staten Island, represents as
great an engineering achievement as the
Panama Canal, and all to the credit of
Amoarican ingenuity and technical ability!

With this great hidden aqueduct completed,
“ with its impressive visitle cems end artifi-
cial lakes, which represent the largest high
dams in the world, we see how far metrcpol-
itan New York repeats, as it were, the mag-
nificance of roputlican and imperial Rome.
It is, to be sure, Rome magnified many times
ovarby modarnengineering that dares every-
thing. And yet the up-to-date engineer must
still bow before the water systems of Rome,
developed before 300 B. C., the ruins of
whose aquaducts sti.l bestride the Campagna
and give that ineffable impression of man’s
power over nature that has excited the im-
agination of thinkers ever since Claudius,
as consul, went in for good roads and a pure
water supply for the village on the Seven
Hills. In the face of the wonder of this lat-
est achievement, one must remember, too,
that the Roman engineers knew’ the secret of
the siphon and used it wherever possible, so
that modern methods often repeat on the
scale, quite beyond the simple method of
primitive engineers themachanical inventions

known to Claudius or Archimedes. This,
however, does not mean that modern engi-
neering innot one of the highest developments
of modern science, for it is. Heir, however,
to the knowledge of all the ages, one sees in
this Catskill aqueduct, as in the great Hell
Gate bridge of the Pennsyivania Railroad,
and all the sister bridges over the East
River, the peculiar triumph of American
practicality over every possible physical or
technical difficulty.

Just as the irrigation dams of the West
must not be forgotten when engineering suc-
cesses are discussed, the country shares with
New York in this latest marvel, which rises
above a mere factof municipal enterprise in-
to the circle of a national achievement from
which anything is possible.

“VIA CRUCIS”

Sometimes distraught we may not under-
stand
The ways by which God leads His chosen
ones;
When want and famine stalked -through all
the land
Down into Egypt Jacob sent his sons.

They came in need to buy a little grain
Which Joseph’s care had providentially
stored;
Those guilty ones who bore the curse of Cain
Bowed humbly at the feet of Egypt’s lord.
So they whom Joseph saw in dreams as stars
Did homage to the brother they had sold,
But slavery and Pharaoh’s prison bars
Had failed to make a brother’s heart grow
cold.

To them unknown—he had the power to save
Or recompense the evil they had done;
Like one who bursts the shackles of a slave
He broke the bonds of hate and mercy
won.

So in the realm of spirit we are led
To stores of blessings God will open wide;
Yes, even those whoze hands are crimson red
Are saved by I{lim whom they have cruci-

fied.
N. Allen Stockton.

HOW DO YOU HOE?

Say, how do you hoe your row, young chap?
Say, how do you hoe your row?
Do you hoe it fair,
Do you hoe it square?
Do you hoe it the best you know?
Do you cut the weeds as you ought to do,
And leave what’s worth while there?
The harvest you’ll garner depends on you;
Are you working on the square?
Are you Kkilling the noxious weed, young
chap?
Are you making it straight and clean?
Are you going straight,
At a hustling gait,
Are you scatter.ay all that’s mean?
Do you laugh and sing and whistle shrill,
And dance a step or two,
As the row you hoe leads up the hill?

The harvest is up to you.
— Driftwood.

SWOLLEN GRAIN SAVES SHIP

One of the most unusual salvages yet re-
corded in these days of submarine warfare,
is that of the Norwegian steamship Kongsls,
whose grain swelled to such an extent on the
inrush of water through the ragged hole torn
in her side by a torpedo, that the hole was
clogged up and the water prevented from
flowing in and sinking her. {

A party of fishermen, clambering aboard to
discover the trouble, were amazed to find
that the ragged hole on oneside and the hull
plate torn loose on the other by the force of
the explosion had been effectively plugged by
the swollen grain, says Popular Science
Monthly. ’ :

The fishermen were afraid to attempt to
tow her beause the rush of the water along
her sides might have washed away the
effective grain seal. Accordingly, they im-
provised bales made of cotton filled with grain
and forced these into the holes. This made
the stoppage secure enough to enable the
vessel to be towed to a nearby port.

STUPENDOUS WAR FIGURES

. The stupendcus figures about war exren-
ditures dismay a good many people and nat-
urally enough. It is not easy to adjust stand-
ards so as to consider spending billions where
millions were a short time ago considered as
possibly extravagant, says the Detroit Free
Press. That there should be grave doubts of
the country’s capacity to raise the enormous
amounts now proposed or of its ability tosus-
tain their loss if they could be raised is quite
intelligible. :

Chairmzn Fitzgerald, of the House Com-
mittee on Appropriations, summed up these
huge amounts in his speech on the proposed
expenditures, and among other things he
showed that the total amount raised by
Great Britain since the war began had been
$15,975,000,(00 in bonds and $5,410, 000,000 in
taxes, while the pending requirements for
the United States he put at $11,538,945,460
in bonds and $4,067,000,000 in taxes.

Reduce all these amounts to a per capita
basis of the two populations and it will be
found that the burden our people are asked
to shoulder is about the same as that which
has been borne by the people of the United
Kingdom. Allow 45,000,0C0 people for the
British side of the calculation and 101,500,000
for the American side, and the relative quo-
tients will be a little less than §120 taxes for
every person in the United States, while the
respective allotments of bonds will be $344
and $113.

More than 90 per cent. of the refining and
smelting of drosses and scrap metals in the
United States is carried on in the territory
east of the Mississippi and north of the Ohio
River.
