---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_185.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

Philadelphia, November 14, 1917

NO. 45

THE FOREIGN
LEGION AS IT IS

From time to time different writers have
written about the Foreign Legion of the
French army, weaving a halo of romance and
idealism about that noted band of soldiers
that might lead one to imagine that they
were accorded deference and: consideration
very much above the ordinary body of sol-
diers. But as is usually the case where
writers draw upon their imagination for the
purpose of elaboration, ideals and facts stand
widely apart, asthe writer has occasion to
know from the statement of a former com-
panion in arms who served in the Legion.

Now comes to hand an excellent article on
the Foreign Legion from the pen of Herbert
Adams Gibbons, European correspondent of
the Evening Telegraph describing conditions
as he found them, which is indeed very far
from the shadowy ideal of romance so oft-
depicted in our periodicals.

The writer calls attention to a former
article describing the enthusiasm he fonnd
prevalent ‘‘in the little room overlooking the
garden of the Palais Royal, and later how
the men from the United States volunteered
in a body on the Place des Invalides. They
were incorporated, just as the volunteers of
all other Foreign Legions. This was a mis-
take on the part of the French Government;
but probably in the confusion of those early
days they did not grasp the significance and
the wonderful spirit of devotion that prompt-
ed the volunteers. If they had they would
not have turned our young boys into regi-
ments of toughened adventurers from all over
the world, professional soldiers, many of whom
had enlisted and gone to serve France in
Africa because they had reason to disappear
from their own countries.

«‘Unfortunately, it was notonly the French
Government, but also many of the officers of
the Foreign Legion, who misunderstood the
character and spirit of these volunteers.
Accustomed to dealing with ‘tough nuts,’
if not with actual thugs, officers of the For-
eign Legion could not believe that these vol-
enteers of August, 1914, had enrolled in the
Legion for any other reason than for ‘the
gamelle’ (their ‘eats’), or to escape from
the police or conscription in their owncountries.
I know this to be true, for I remember a long
argument on the subject with a Foreign Legion
captain, who smiled incredulously and wonld
not be convinced when I insisted that many
hundreds of new recruits, including all the
Americans, had volunteered for pure love of
France and were offering their lives for an
ideal. According to him, the Foreign Legion

had nothing to do with ideals, and he knew
men better than I did.

WENT BRAVELY TO DEATH

“‘But all that is bygones. It is necessary to
state it, however, in justice to the hundreds
of Americans in the Legion, who, when they
realized that they had been let in for some-
thing they had not bargained for, and that
their motives were misunderstood, kept a stiff
upper lip, did not squeal, and went bravely to
their death. The Foreign Legion has been
put in all the heavy fighting duriug three
years, and has suffered such losses that it is
now only one regiment. ‘Those that are still
alive were the fourragere, and most of them
are decorated.

““The boy I met today has been wounded
twice, but has gone back each time, and was
in the thick of the September Verdun offen-
sive.
and every offensive since the beginning of
the war. He is one of twelve who are left.

““Now that the United States is in the war
and that our soldiers have landed on French
soil one would think that there wonld be a
disposition to show honor and to do every,
thing that could be done for these heroes who
have fonght for France from the very begin-
ning, as Lafayette and his comrades fought
for us during two years before France be-
came officially our ally in the revolution.

«Not a bit of it! Misunderstood and not too
well treated by the country for whom they
have been giving their lives, the American
volunteers in the Foreign Legion have been
treated in brutal fashion by their own country.

“The one of twelve left said to me: ‘We
could understand how the United States had
to disregard us before our country became a
belligerent. For what we were doiug was
unneutral, and I suppose it was all ,right to
take up our passports and tell us we had for-
feited our citizenship. But did we not have
a right, those of us who have been in this
thing from the beginning, to feel that we
would be looked at diffierently now? But
everyone of us who, while on leave. has gone
to the American headquarters in Paris to ask
to be transferred to the American Army has
been treated like a dog. I was practically
kicked out of the place yesterday, told to go
to h—.’

“August, 1914—October, 1917, more than
three years of splendid service, of real hero-
ism, of preparing the way for the Franco-
American alliance, and this is the reward.”’

Efforts are being made in China to im-
prove the native tobacco by planting
seed from the United States and teach-
ing better methods of cultivation.

He has been in the thick of every fight.

NEXT DRAFT MUST BE
BORNE BY AMERICANS

A New York correspondent is authority
for the statement that the burden of the
next draft must fall on the American born
because of the large alien population of the
city who insist upon exemption from military
service because they are not citizens. This
has been learned by Roger B. Wood, director
of the draft in this city, through reports
from local boards, who are finding it difficult
to select their next thirty per cent. quota
because of the lack of desire on the part of
alien born to serve this country.

One district in the city with an estimated
quota of young men liable to military service
cannot fill its quota of two hundred because
of its large alien population. The limitations
of the draft law makes it impossible for the
draft director to force service, and as a rssult
it will be the young American born who must
fight the war for the benefit of the aliens.

In these sections of the city where the
populaticn is mostly alien a great hardship
is being worked on the young Americans.
Nearly all of them in these districts have
been drafted, or will be within a short time.
When the boards begin to classify their regis-
trants these boards will have virtually none
to assign to the five classes, under the new
arrangement which has been selected by the
authorities at Washington.

PENNSYLVANIA DAY OBSERVED

The observance of Pennsylvania Day was
celebrated at the State College with elabo-
rate ceremonies on Sunday last. Several
thousand guests joined with the students and
college authorities in the festivities, said to
be the most interesting holiday celebration
ever attempted at the State College.

Pennsylvania Day corresponds to Founders’
Day which is observed at many of the private-
ly endowed institutions.

A varied program was provided for the
entertainment of the visitors, the mornlng
review of the cadet regiment of 1500 students
being one of the special features. :

The engineering and agricultural branches
had an extensive exhibition of their handi-
work and equipment, which is thoroughly up
to date in the fullest sense of the word.

The United States Geological Survey is
studying the lavas of IHlawaiian voleanoes. The
work is particularly pertinent becauseall the
islands of that group have been built up
gradually by volcanic discharges of lava,
form a beginning deep down in the sea.
