---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_186.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday. :

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.-

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, Novmeber 14, 1917.

““Life belongs to the living, and he who lives
must be prepared for vicissitudes.”’

POWER OF IMAGINATION

The Almighty has given us imagination not
alone to make some men great, but ‘‘to en-
able all men to beautify the homely things of
life.”” It enrichens everything. The humble,
the great, low and the high, all possess it to
a more or less degree.

If we indulgeit, imagination has the power
to make the wildes* fancy seem’ true, or it
may surround us with many seeming dangers
and unknown terrors. Again it may induce
suspicion in a most friendly act, and make
the innocent seem sinister. It may cause the
most trifling thing to assume undue impor-
tance; it may become the very bane of life
and add the drop of gall that embitters all
happiness. But imagination used adds bright-
ness to a sunrise and glory to a sunset. It
throws a halo over a beautiful scene. It
makes memory dwell on joys and forget sor-
rows. It helps idealize ‘the characters of
those we love. It inspires invention and im-
provement. It makes the things we hope for
real. It forms a large part of happy roman-
ces. It is not well to be given too largely to
imagination, but we should cultivate a right
use of it. And by so doing, direct our mental
powers in a channel that will uplift and spur
us on to greater endeavors.

PROVE YOUR COURAGE

“‘Speaking of courage,’’ says a well-known
writer, ‘I recall that it was a famous Civil
War General who remarked to his men be-
fore going into battle, that they should re-
member-in all probability the enemy are just
as scared of us as we are of them, so let’s
continue our charge with vigor that the
courage of the enemy may be broken and
that our own may be maintained to the very
end.”’

It is a fact that we would accomplish much
more in our lives if we would but have a
little more confidence in our own ability to
succeed. This lack of courage prevents
many people, both young and old, from at-
tempting things that are in reality well
within veach, and from continuing in pursuit

of an ambition when the battle is all but
won, . _

In the great armies of the world men are
trained to be brave in the face of great dan-
gers—they are trained to continue their
charge upon the enemy, even though com-
rades are being killed to the right and to the
left—never flinching once, nor permitting
their minds to become cowardly. :

So it is with boys and girls who are in that
glorious period of youth attending school or
college where others, too, are being trained
that each may graduate equipped to tackle
the bigger responsibilities of life with a
courage and enthusiasm which will conquer
for them their greatest ambitions.

It is just as wonderful an experience to be
recognized as a big boy or girl as it is a big
man or woman. So don’t sit back and wait
until age has crept on before making a real
attempt to succeed in something that is big
and worth while.

In class don’t sit crouched behind the ones
in front so as not to be called upon and com-
pelled to make good, nor in sports to jump
aside and encourage another to take your
place, when in your heart you believed the
active part of the game was coming your
way. But stand up under the strain and
prove that you are a person of courage. To
shirk constantly the responsibility of making
good before others, as well as to one’s own
conscience, is to encourage a life of failure,
rather than one of strength and success.

Whether at work or play, it is well to earn
a reputation for being brave—do those things
that are worth while and that will make
your companions remember you always for
your courage and strength of character.

JEREMIAH HAD NAUGHT LIKE THIS

Jeremiah may have thought that he had
much to lament about in those long-gone
Bibical days, but verily in all the things that
tore his troubled heart he had nothing to con-
tend with like the profiteers of the present
day!

Much is now sadness, much is woe! The
piece of pie is but a phantom of its former
self. Smaller, too, are the rice pudding, the
beef stew, the ham sandwich, the loaf of
bread, the bag of tobacco and the portion of
scrapple. A very wilderness of pathetic
emaciation.

Barrels, once so rotund, are shrii.king into
bushels, bushels into pecks, pecks into pints.
Tons, too, are not as heavy as they were by
many pounds, and pounds seem to be made
up of grains instead of the erstwhile ounces.

Nothing, alas! seems as large as in the old
days, declares the Evening Telegraph.

Everything is shriveling up. A refrigerator
is hardly needed. A pint can does for a garb-
age bucket. There is nothing for the hobo
at the back door. The watch dog is getting
lean.
mortal Paul Jones, apparently we have just
begun to skirmish.

But to employ a phrase of the im--

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapé]
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish éervices are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. :

Lo

GREAT STORE OF GOLD

Never in the world’s history has there been
such a quantity of gold under one roof as is
stored today in the United States Sub-Treas-
ury in Wall Street. A corridor in the base-
ment, through which little iron wheeled
trucks used to roll, has been shut off by steel
gates and the gold stacked up for all the
world like bricks awaiting the mason’s hand
until the front tier presses against the gates.
As announced by the N. Y. Times, in that
one pile is 1,200 tons of pure gold, much of it
represents British coins sent here in payment
of war supplies and melted down in the fur-
naces of the Assay Office next door. Each
brick is worth approximately $8,000, and
the pile is valued at considerable more than
$600,000,000. In a neighboring vault are
$6,000,000 silver dollars, and overhead are so
many gold certificates that a miser, allowed
to run them through his fingers, might easily
die of ecstasy before he had finished with the
yellow certificates contained in a single one
of the many steel chambers.

LET THE FLAG FLY CLEAN

Fly the flag, but keep it clean! Don’t try
to keep the Star Spangled Banner beyond the
endurance of bunting, and don’t expect it to
be ‘‘gallantly streaming,’’ if it needs a trip
to the laundry! urges a writer in the Pitts-
burg Leader.

The flag is a sacred symbol, and one way
to respect it is never to display it in a soiled
or ragged conaition.

Patriotic Pittsburg is all a-blossom with
flags, but not all of the banners. that flutter
from flagstaff in front yards oron the roofs
of lofty office buildings are calculated to in-
spire patriotism. :

The thrill that the flag brings is retarded
or may not arrive at all, if the flag looks as
though it had been used te wipe engines.

The dawn’s early light, but more particu-
larly the full flood of day, shows that many
banners have not only lost their brilliancy of
color but are downright dirty.

Other flags, but not so many, are tattered
and torn, and some are wound tightly around
their stafts, with perhaps- only a wisp to
wave in the breeze. ‘

The flag in front of the court house went
