---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_187.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

e
e

through the glorious Fourth with its folds not
only torn but entangled about the pole, and
several large buildings down town display
banners that look as though they had seen
service in the trenches and had been dragged
through several barbed-wire entanglements.

No flag can fling its folds out very proudly
if those folds are badly in need of washing
and mending, and it is doubtful if Francis
Scott Key would ever have written ‘‘the
Star-Spangled Banner’’ if the fiag that he
dimly saw ‘‘through the mist of the deep”’
had been as tarnished and ragged as many
that are flying in Pittsburg.

On automobiles and above the entrances of
buildings the flags of the United States and
our European allies are displayed, and in al-
most every instance in the wrong order.

The American flag instead of being placed
in the middle of the row, should be displayed
at the right end of theline, the position of
precedence and honor.

One of the newest and brightest flags in
the city floats over the entrance to the old
Blockhouse. Several of the oldest and most
tarnished fly over some of the finest buildings.

By all means fly the flag, but be sure it’s a
clean, whole flag and not a soiled and ragged
satire on the beautiful national emblem.

Wornout flags should bereplaced, and soiled
flags should be washed, :

Keep the flag flying, but keep it clean and
whole.

WEBSTER’S BIRTHPLACE PRESERVED

It is highly gratifying to learn that the
birth-place of Daniel Webster at Franklin
has been taken over by the State of New
Hampshire, and its permanent preservation
as a public memorial isguaranteed. Webster
once stated (in his campaign for Harrison)
his regret that he was not born in a log cabin
but he was born just across the road from
the log cabin in which his elder brothers and
sisters had been born—a cabin which, when
built by Ebenezer Webster, who had fought
with Rogers’ Rangers, was one of the most
northerly in New Hampshire. His own
birthplace was a modest frame house of one
story and substantial construction, only a
short distance from the Kearsarge. Various
efforts to get the State to buy it having
failed, in the course of time the house was
moved from its cellar and attached to a larg-
er and newer house built near by. The Web-
ster Birthplace Association bought it, moved
it back, and restored it; all this was done by
Senators Chandler and Gallinger and some
other public-spirited men, at a cost of a few
thousands. The celebration of the comple-
tion of the restoration in 1913 was a great
event, Samuel W. McCall making the chief
address. Its arousal of public interest led
direct to acquisition by the State. The furn-
ishings of the old house are complete, from
the original rude chairs, tables, and bed-steads
to the fireplace, pots and pewter, and the
flintlock musket.

"PRAISE

We’re eager for money, we hunger for fame,
We battle for things to possess;

The houses we build we want to have filled
With the treasures that stand for success.
But when it’s all over and peace settles

down,
In the glow of the low sinking sun,
We want to recall, be it ever so small,
Some unselfish service we’ve done.

The top of the ladder we struggle to reach,
We scramble and fight for a place;
We are slaves to our pride, and we’re un-
satistied
Unless we are up in the race.
But deep in the breasts of us sll there’s the
wish
As we journey through life to be known
As the big hearted men who took time now
and then
To serve some one, not of their own.

We may boast as we will of the work that
we do
And may glory in prizes we gain;
We may draw some conceit from our jousts
with defeat,
And our rise to victorious reign;
But after it’s over the joy that counts most
~ Is the thought that we’re leaving behind,
Through the records of strife in our volume
of life,
A number of deeds that were kind.

We’d rather be praised for the help we have
been ~
Than cheered for the money we’ve made;
We want men to say, when our souls pass
away ,
We were ready and willing to aid.
We fight and we scramble for fortune and
fame i
Till our pockets with silver are lined,
But the greatest of praise at the end of our
days
Is to have it be said we were kind.
7 : —FEdgar A. Guest.

SURGERY AS A CURE FOR CRIME

It is asserted on reliable authority that
fifty per cent. of the criminals in this country
under thirty years of age can be restored to
good citizenship under proper surgical atten-
tion.

Judge George W. BridgemanofBenton Har-
bor, Mich., made thatstatement atthe dinner
of the American association of Orificial
Surgeons in the ‘Hotel La Salle in Chicago,
111

««Qeventy-five per cent. of the criminals
brought into courts of this country are be-
tween the ages of fifteen and twenty-four
years and 80 per-cent. of them suffer from
physical disability.’’ said Judge Bridgeman,

¢‘In most of these cases this disability is re-
sponsible for mental -disability, manifested
in crime, and it is capable of correction.’’

It is understood that a billis being prepared
for presentation at the next session of the

Michigan Legislature, providing for surgical
operation on habitual criminals in that state.

Should theexperimentprovesuccessful there
it is likely that similar legislation will follow
in other states.

As a noted surgeon puts it, ‘‘something has
got to be done to counteract the growth of
crime.”’

PRISONERS TO KNIT FOR SOLDIERS

A Sacramento, Cal., correspondent reports
that a plan to have some of the prisoners at
the Folsom State Penitentiary knit for Un-
cle Sam’s soldiers in the trenches was sug-
gested recently by Joseph Stephens, Chair-
man of the local branch of the Red Cross, to
Gov. William D. Stephens and received fa-
vorable consideration.

The local Red Cross has a number of knit-
ting machines for making sox, sweaters and
‘‘helmets’’ for the soldiers, and it is planned
to let the prisoners use these if the authori-
ties favor the scheme.

SCRATCH A CHIEF JUSTICE

The primitive disposition in man, which re-
mains unchanged below the surface although
the appearances are refined, is humorously
illustrated in the Canadian Magazine by a
story of Sir Matthew Begbie, Chief Justice
of British Columbia.

In a case tried before Sir Matthew, in
which one man was accused of sandbagging
another, the evidence was conclusive, but to
his amazement and disgust a verdict of ‘‘Not
Guilty’’ was returned.

“Gentlemen of the jury, this is your ver-
dict, not mine’’ thundered Sir Matthew. “‘If
there were many repetitions of such conduct
as yours trial by jury would become a horri-
ble farce and the city of Victoria would be.
turned into a nest of criminals. Go! I have
nothing more to say to you.”’

He then turned to the prisoner and said
savagely: i

“‘You are discharged! Go and sandbag some
of the jurymen; they deserve it.”’

PLUMBAGO MINES

Plumbago, Ceylon’s most important mineral
product, is known all over the world for its lus-
ter, lubricating, polishing, and binding quali-
ties. In appeacance it is a strong black crystal-
line. There are now about 1000 plumbago
mines in Ceylon, including all the shallow pits
open works, and deep mines. The depth varies
from a few yards to as much as 700 feet. Most
of the mines are worked by natives the only
important one controlled by Europeans being
the Medapola. At the majority of the mines
the only machinery used is the dabare. This
consists of a long wooden barrel with handles
at each end. Round this a rope is given two
or three turns, and a bucket is fastened to each
end. It is worked by seven or eight men turn,
ing the handles.
