---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_188.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

At the meeting of the Board of Delegates
of the Club on Tuesday, the 6th, the Treasur-
er’s Report showed a working balance of
$82.16 in the Treasury, which looks well.
This was lowered during the week by loans,
one of $3.00, and another of $1.00, to form-
er members of the Club who were tempo-
rarily in need of assistance. A motion was
made, and carried, that loans to any inmate
whatsoever, leaving this institution whose
immediate destination was the city of Phila-
delphia should be limited to $3.00. The Club
has loaned quite a respectable sum of money
during the year, and hashad very little re-
paid, so is compelled to call a halt upon its
generosity. The lendees are usually prolific
of promises, but chary of real coin.

Eleven names were proposed for member-
ship in the Club, and accepted, as follows,
B 5049, 8673, 8799, 8836, 8856, 8859, 8861, 8863,
8864, 8865, 8867. Donations of 50c from B 8856
and 10c from B 8863 were accepted with
thanks.

ENTERTAINMENT

To compress music, ‘‘movies’’ and vaude-
ville into one afternoon is seme feat but the
boys of the First Section accomplished just
that on last Saturday afternoon, and came
home to tea feeling very well pleased with
themselves; there was no flaw in their be-
havior, and with their entertainers, who lived
up to their ‘‘billing.”” It was conceded by

all to be an afternoon well spent.

" The Hall was filled to capacity, when short-
ly after one o’clock Professor Wiegandt and
his doughty band brought everyone to their
feet by their rendering of a medley of pa-
triotic airs. After Vice-President, A 8432, had
spoken briefly counselling order, the interval
until the arrival of Mr. Kraupa, the Hon.
Jimmy Mulligan, and the ‘‘pictures’’ was
filled in with music, one number in partic-
ular, demanding an encore, which was
given.

The entertainment feature began with a
five reel photo-drama, with the scene laid in
the Civil War period; though we fear this
‘‘got past’’ some of the spectators, as one gen-
tleman was overheard to remark to hisneigh-
bor as the Confederate commander appeared
on the screcn ‘“Yep, that’s Hindenberg, y’ can
tell him by his whiskers.’”” It had its thrill-
ing moments, of which the aforementioned
was one, and was well received by the aud-
ience.

When the picture had ended in the inevit-
able ‘‘clinch,”” Miss Russell took the stage,
and in a brief speech explained the difficulty
of providing solely male talent for our enter-
tainment, and stated that some of those
present at the previous Saturday’s entertain-
ment, had seen fit to jeer at the minstrel
part of the day’s show. She againexplained
that it was a totally unpremediated perform-
ance, lacking both rehearsal, and accessories,

and asked that we be more charitable in our
judgments. We deeply regret that such
should have occurred, and regret even more
deeply that those who couldbe soill-advised,
to use no stronger term, as to cavil at a
sincere, and to our mind at least, a success-
ful effort to entertain us should have ever
been present. It’s a blot on the ’Scutcheon
of the Second Section whichonly a concerted
effort can remove. But we can assure Miss
Russell with a clear conscience, which is
something we do not ordinarily possess, that
the vast majority of usthoroughly appreciate
her splendid, and quite interested efforts
in our behalf, and that the chronic ‘‘kicker’’
will be given a short shrift.

The first act on the program was a repiti-
tion of one of the previous Saturday’s ‘“turns’’
featuring the gentleman with the educated
pack of cards, whose units could do every-
thing but talk. As a partner in a little
game he’d have the German army beaten;
while with him as an opponent one would
have about as much chance as Belgium. He
had more cards up his sleeve than Bret
Hartes celebrated ‘‘Heathen Chinee’’ ever
dreamed of. Mr. Billy Bendon, announced
as a ‘‘singer,’’ next obliged with some very
good singing, notably ‘““Throw No Stones- In
The Well That Gives You Water,”” which
very reasonable advice we shall endeavor to
follow, and ‘‘Im Going Back to Alabama In
the Spring,’’ which we would also like to do,
but fear something is going to prevent us.
The Merry Comedy Four followed, and were
the great ‘‘hit’’ of the afternoon. Should
we be allowed to follow our inclination we
would probably be listening to them yet.
Their songs and ‘‘business’ were equally
good, and their hearers were loath to see
them go, recalling them again and again
with insistent applause. The outstanding
features of their performance were the solos
““Joan of Arc,”” and ‘‘Sleep, baby, Sleep,”’
with its yodelling chorus, and the quartette
numbers, ‘‘Keep Your Eye On The Girlie
You Love,’”” and ‘‘Down on Jasper’s KFarm,’’
while their responses to the repeated encores
were delightfully funny, their imitation band
number in particular. We extend you a
hearty invitation to call again gentlemen,
and tender you our sincere thanks for the
pleasure you have already given.

This concluded the vaudeville portion of
the afternoon’s entertainment, and Mr.
Kraupa made it the end of a Perfect Day
by presenting a two-reel comedy, ‘“‘A Social
Cub,’’ which everybody found very much to
their liking.

GENERAL

We are requested to call the attention of
the patrons of the Club’s Circulating Library
to the fact that too many of their number
seem to be laboring under the delusion that
they are amateur surgeons, and persist in
‘‘operating’’upon the magazines loaned them,
to the very great detriment of the temper of
the next borrower, who is justly irritated to

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**%)
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.
POLISHING done. Tables and jewel boxes
estimates cheerfully given. B 8156 6 Block.
HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Alto horn in good condition and
tutor almost new for $6.00. B 8753, 7th Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.
FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-

sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in
flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap.
B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block. s
FOR SALE—Hand-made lace. Clover leaf
pattern 50¢ a yard and up. At Storehouse
and to order. Made by B 8641, 3rd Block.

PICTURE frames made to order at reason-
able prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B 3079,
1st Block.

SACRED HEARTS painted in oil on white
satin, 7x10; price 50¢ each. No orders taken
after December 15. B 6560 7th Gallery.

TYPEWRITING done at very low rates.
B 8784, 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special designs made to order by
expert workman. B 6452.

WATCHES, clocks, phonographs and other
small mechanisms repaired. Conscienticvs
workmanship and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal.

find some important part, head, or heart, or
lungs, missing. To have the heroine sus-
pended by a heir over a horrible precipice, or
locked in the Woolworth Tower with a fire
(sale) in the basement, and then turn to the
continuing page aud find it missing, taken
out by some miscreant for curl-papers, or
some other decorative purpose is almost too
much for human endurance, and we nolonger
wonder at the dwindling church attendance.
Please be more careful of the magazines,
boys, if you wish to remain a beneficiary of
this useful work, and don’t forget the other
fellow who likes to read. : :
Next Saturday, November 17, the Second
Section will be out as follows: 5 B, 5 G, 4 B,
4G,8B,7G, 7B.
B. 8266.
DONATIONS TO THE KIDDIES’ XMAS FUND
FOR THE WEEK ENDING NOVEMBER 10, 1917.
B 7426, $1.00. B 8408, 8728, 8673, 50¢.
B 8395, 7216, 8723, 8557, 7299, 8144, 8156, 7422,
8474, 7294, 8490, 8628, 7904, 25¢. B 8455, 20¢.
B 7522, 6365, 15¢. B 7933, 7937. 8104, 8716,
8856, 8521, 7532, 8258, 7898, 6157, 7896, 10¢.
B 8493, 8534, 8323, 7640, 7770, 7398, 7021, 8766,
8075, 5¢. Last week’s donater of $1.25 should
have been B 8101 instead of B 8110.
