---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_189.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

Philadelphia, November 21, 1917

NO. 46

MATERIALISM THE
CAUSE OF WAR

Just before the war mania seized upon the
people in this country, a representative of a
London paper interviewed Bramwell Booth,
head of the Salvation Army, to get his views
of the war.

Mr. Booth is a man of broad, far-seeing
mind and does not hesitate to state his opin-
ion when called upon for expression, as may
be judged by the following excerpt:

“«“Wars come about through a certain state
of society. It’s no use saying that Germany
wants world-dominion. Every nation wants
something very much. like that. Everynation
in its policy affirms the heretical principles of
materialism. Almost everybody you meet is
descended from some thumping Viking! No;
men of all nations, our own as well as others,
have forgotten God. They are materialists.

- They don’t believe in the Divine. They are
after prosperity, and their only god s Mam-
mon. Nothing can -save them but a return
to God. Men say that after the war all will
be changed, and when you press them you
find they are speaking of political changes—
Socialism, and the rest. But there’s an old
saying in the North of Scotland, ‘New boat,
old rocks.” No political changes can bring
the millennium. No internationalizing of la-
bor can prevent strikes and wars. Whatyou
want in your boat, new or old, is a captain,
and unless you have got the Almighty on the
bridge you’ll go to pieces on the very same
rocks which made shipwreck of your former
Skate. 3 e X

I+ is to be noted that Mr. Booth puts the
ordium of the present war just where it be-
longs. World-dominion commercialism. The
worship of the almighty dollar.

What the world stands in need of today is
a modern Moses to lead the people out of the
bondage of gold worship—a slavery far -worse
than that of ancient Egypt.

The great question is, who will be the
man?

FARMERS FLOCKING TO CANADA

A large number of American farmers as
well as a host of foreign immigrants re-
ported as flocking into western Canada in
the first ten months of the present year has
more than doubled the returns for the same
period in 1916, and more than trippled the
1915 figures. The cause is said to be trace-
able to the belief that taxes will be excess-
ively burdensome in the United States after
the present war is over.

A statement given out by the Department

of immigration recently shows that 33,134
persons have come from the United States
up to October 31 this year. Inthe first ten
months in 1916, 15,960 persons crossed the
line, in 1915 only 9,191.

SING SING CELL-
HOUSE RAZED

A New York correspondent writes that
with the removal of a stone of Sing Sing’s
antignated cell block by Governor Charles
S. Whitman, during appropriate exercises
one day last week, the work of demolishing
the historic structure was formally begun.

Sing Sing made the occasion a gala day.

The Mutual Welfare League band turned out
to greet the Governor, who was escorted
into the prison by the prison . officials and
sergeant-at-arms of the Mutual Welfare
League. Inside the 1200 inmates lined up to
receive and salute the Governor, who in re-
turn saluted them.

Work of tearing down the old, damp cell
block, which houses 1200 convicts, will prog-
ress steadily now. It was built in 1815,
and for fifty years the State had considered
abolishing it.

THE SILVER DOLLAR

Although the silver doller is almost daily
increasing in intrinsic value, the policy of
holding it in the vaults and permitting it to
be represented in circulation by a paper sil-
ver certificate is to be continued. Through-
out the greater part of the United States the
silver dollar is almost a curiosity. Notso in
the Missouri Valley, however, where one is
likely. at any time, to be handed three or
four in the breaking of a $5 bill. Nobody
has thus far explained why the silver dollar
should cling to circulation in this particular
quarter, but travelers from other sections as
a rule, are glad it does.

INDIGO NOW MADE IN'MICHIGAN

Advices from Midland, Mich., tell us of the
first production of indigo from coal tar in the
United States. One thousand pounds of 20
per cent. paste are produced daily, dispite the
factthat in thelast tariff bill the duty on dye-
stuffs was removed from indigo. The an-
nual consumption of indigo in normal times
is in the neighborhood of 10,000,000 pounds. -

By 1972 the German makers of coal tar in-
digo, which is chemically the same as the
product of the tropical indigo plants, has
driven the natural product from the world’s
markets. The artificial is considered the bet-
ter and more reliable than the natural dye.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

The meeting of the Board of Delegates on
Tuesday, the 18th, was of a dullness as the
French might say in the zbsence of the
Chairman, so B 7664 presided. The following
were proposed and accepted as members of
the Club, B 8868, 8870—10¢; 8874, 8875, 8876,
8877, 8878, 8879, 8380, 8881—25¢; 8858—15¢;
8773, 8882, while the followlng, suspended
for cause, were ordered re-instated, B 5928,
5396—25¢.

The Chairman introduced B 8700 as the
new Delegate from the 6th Block, and he
was appropriately welcomed.

During the week B 7379 repaid the loan of
$1.00 made him at the Gate a few days pre-
viously, thereby earniug himself a place in
our Hall of Fame, not to speak of our affec-
tions; he even added 25¢ as interest which
makes the event still more memorable. On
Friday the Board of Governors in a special
meeting gave $50.00 to the Y. M. C. A. War-
work Fund, a gift which we feel sure will
meet with the hearty approval of every
member of the Cluband we are proud and glad
to contribute our mite to the aid, and comfort
of our boys in France. Our morals may be a
bit off color, but our patriotism is true blue—
and red—and white, -and warranted not to
run. Probably as a reward of virtue on
Saturday morning arrived a cheque in pay-
ment for waste-paper collected during the
last quarter, $100.10 which was immediately
plastered over the gaping hole in the Treas-
ury. In this connection we would call the
attention of the members to the fact that
they can best do their bit for the Club by
scrupulously saving their old magazines, pa-
pers, etc., and presenting them to the Dele-
gates with their benison. The larger part of
the Club’s income comes from such source.

ENTERTAINMENT

The Entertainment of Saturday afternocon
was a bit late in starting, owing to Mr.
Kraupa being delayed, but the boys of the
Second Section didn’t mind— much, for Pro-
fessor Wiegandt and his resourceful band
were prepared for just such an emergency,
and stepped into the breach with some mu-
gsical numbers, which deserved and received
encores. The descriptive number ‘‘The
Forge in the Forest,”” was in particular ad-
mired. Mr. Kraupa, and the Hon. Jimmy,
arrived about 1.30 o’clock, the lights were
turned out, the curtains drawn, ‘‘Al,’’ the
biggest thing in local captivity, stood before
the key-hole so that no ray of light might
enter, and the performance opened with the

(Continued on page 4. )
