---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_190.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All comrﬂunications from-inmates should be address
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery. ;

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, Novmeber 21, 1917.

“Difficulties, for which no real satisfaction
is attainable, compels one to faith.’’

FACE REFLECTS YOUR THOUGHTS

Speaking at a recent convention in another
city, a well known author and writer declar-
ed that when the heart was in ones work
school-teaching had a tendency to make
beautiful the face of the teacher. ‘I have
noticed,’’ he continued, ‘‘that plain looking
young women, and men, become positively
handsome after a short course of teaching,
and in their realizing the deep call to improve
the mind and heart of the pupils, and the use
of a tactful and industrious attenticn to the
work of communicating knowledge.”” Ile
saysthere are such homely teachers, who as
a rule are stronger-minded than the handsome
ones, -but they do not enter into their task
with the same enthusiasm and joy as the
others, and are not as valuable in the school-
room. While exceptions may be taken to
some of the man’s statements, he is right
in his contention that the profession of teach-
ing is a beautiful one, and beautiful features
are carved by the invisible fingers of high
theught and pure affection. The flowers of
the springtime are transformed to the teach-
er’s face. One of the musttremendous facts
of life is that thoughts and sentiments do
mold the features into ugliness or beauty.
The high-minded, true-hearted men and wom-
en have comely features that cannot be coun-
terfeited. It is not necessary to tag men
“‘Going to the prize fight, or races, or haunts
of vice;”” their faces tell where they belong.
No cosmetics canrestore features spoiled by
the finger-prints of sin. It is the business of
the true men and women not to wear a face
pinched by selfishness or cupidity, or cloud-
ed by anger or malevolent temper, but to
make beautiful the features by thoughts of
love and truth, and by clean living. Clean
thoughts will make the features resplendent
with spiritual beauty.

A REAL SOURCE OF LIFE

“It is to be noticed that while the news-
papers of Philadelphia are continually ham-
mering away respecting vice in its various

forms in this great city, yet rarely, if ever,
do they really touch the real source of evil,”’
said one of this city’s most prominent men,
recently.’

““Is itnot the fault of a too low standing
standard of civilization? Coarse language,
coarse manners, coarse morals, though cloak-
ed with a disgusting mock modesty and garb-
ed under the veneer of fine clothes, can lead
only to vice in its manifold forms, for they in
themselves tend to degrade humanity.

“““There is nothing destructive to democracy
in culture. Indeed education in itself is a
mere superficiality, unless accompanied by
careful and decent speech, by courtesy in
manners and a certain restraint in morals.
Nay, more, democracy is a mere sham with-

out culture.
““‘Apparently the main idea here,’’ continu-

ed the speaker, ‘‘is to hew down rather than
to raise the standard of society to the higher
ideas; to smother by legal process rather
than to attempt to stimulate a higher moral
sense. In both commerce and industry com-
petition forces us to strive for the maximum
efficiency, yet in social relations we seem
content with the lowest—and it is not until
we have reached a certain standard of ac-
cumulated wealth and travel abroad among
the peoples that we begin to readjust our
ideal—for convenience’s sake.

‘““An offensive habit noticeable in eastern
cities seems to villify with obscenity any per-
son that don’t quite coincide with us. This,
I think, is a negative of the great constitu-
tional maxim ‘that all men are free and
equal.” The great error of today is to con-
fuse coarseness and brutishness with true
manliness.”’

GREAT SACRIFICE DEMANDED

That the part this nation must take in the
great war will far exceed in money and
human service the sum total of cost as super-
ficially estimated in the public mind is being
brought home to Americans in no uncertain
manner.

It has not needed the declaration of ‘‘an
authority high in the Government’’ to convey
this conviction, but the presentation of the
situation, with future prospects painted in
sombre colors, is a presentation that should
carry its lesson to every one of the American
people.

President Wilson, almost from the day
Congress declared the United States to be in
a state of war with Germany, emphasized
unofficially through many of his war offices
the extreme gravity of the situation and
peointed out the great likelihood of the strug-
gle in which this nation had become involved
lasting for several years. His Secretary of
War explained later that all war plans were
being worked out on the basis of three years
of conflict.

The extraordinary vigor displayed by the
Teuton war machine, steadfastness of pur-
pose of the Kaiser and his immediate ad-

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcbpal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdéys at
the band-room. .

sonably successful conclusion for the central
powers and finally the practical elimination
of Russia and Italy from the theatre of war,
as now appears to be the case, all constitute
a combination of elements of the utmost
gravity to early world peace.

Is Britain brought to the point of financial

and economical exhaustion? Has France
shot her bolt, and can she no longer supply
men for the trenches? Will the fighting
strength of Germany be so materially in-
creased by the men and guns that can be re-
leased on the long Russian front as to re-
vivify her waning powers and enable her to
repeat on the western front more of the ex-
traordinary feats that the early years of the
war made so conspicuous. :

Washington believes all this and more.
That is why the American people are being
urged to study the situation as it is publicly
disclosed, and to grasp the significance to
this nation of the result, if present fears are
even partly justified.

It is apparent to high officialdem that this
war is not only to be a long one for the
United States, but a far more costly one
than is generally imagined.

American troops are to be sent abroad in
large numbers in erder that this country can
escape the peril that would confront it in
the event Teuton arms triumphed. Muni-
tions must be sent our soldiers there, and
other supplies, and the earnest war co-opera-
tion of the United States and the entente de-
pends in effectiveness upon this nation sup-
plying the needs of the entente nations as to
everything that enters into the prosecution
of a mighty war, both to belligerents and
non-combatants.

Great sacrifices are demanded of each and
every American. They should be made to
the full extent of American resources and
American patriotism.

THE OLD CAPTIAL OF RUSSIA

Moscow is likely to become the ‘‘new’’
capital of Russia. It was the capital, how-
ever, when St. Petersburg was only an ex-
panse of barren marshes. Until the time of
Peter the Great the history of Moscow was
the history of Russia, and after that it was
the joint capital of the empire. It has never
