---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_191.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

ceased to be regarded by the people as in
some sense the head city of Russia.

St. Petersburg, built on the marshes, was
artificial, and it never succeded in establish-
ing itself in the mind and heart of the people
as Moscow, through long history and tradi-
tion, had established itself.

The principality of Moscow was the germ-
cell of the later empire. It is the home of
the Russian race. Toward the close of the
Middle Ages it lay exposed to the devastations
of the Tartars. But the able rulers again
and again threw off the Tartar yoke, and suc-
ceeded in uniting the petty States adjacent
into a single realm, Muscovy, hence the
name ‘‘Muscovites,’applied to the Russian
race. From time to time great emigrations
spread out from the central plains to the
forest country of the north to the steepes of
Siberia, and southward.

In 1914 the Muscovites or ‘‘Great Russians,”’
numbered about 60,000,000, or one-third of
the empire’s population. Kindred races,
principally of the ‘‘Little’” and ‘‘White’’
Russian stocks, made up with the Moscovites
one-half of the total population. Finns, Poles,
Lithuanians, Jews, Tartars, Rumanians, Bul-
garians, Greeks, Mongols, Germans, Geor-
gians, Circassians, Armenians; Persians are
other elements in the extraordinarily mix-
ed radical composition of Russia.

> SOLDIERS PAY

A bill introduced in Congress to pay a bo-
nus of $50 a month to the American soldiers
sent to Europe met opposition on the ground
that an American soldier didn’t have to be
paid to make him patriotic, says a writer in
Leslie’s.

Unele Sam shows up as a generous provid-
er a3 conpired with sone of the other na-
tions. ;

The Austrian soldier gets the munificent
salary of 97 cents a month. France paysher
poilus $1.45 for the same period of service,
while the German in the trenches receives
$3.78 and the Italian $2.67. There is a wide
range of payment between Great Britain and
her colonies. The English tommy is paid
$7.30 a month, although he fights side by side
with the Canadian at'$33, the New Zealander
at $36.50 and the Australian at $43.80, the
highest-paid man of them all.
foots the list at 39 cents a month for actual
war service. All of these figures are for the
lowest grades of fighting men, with the
amounts rendered in the equivalent of Amer-
ican currency.

The lowest pay of an American soldier is
$30 a month at home, which increases to $33
a month in foreign duty. It is hardly to be
believed that putting a premium on patriotism
would even please the men most concerned.

By photography, with a vibrating lens, an
English scientist has timed a lightening flash
at one-nineteenth of a second.

The Russian

FRIENDS WITH LIFE

Give me green rafters and the quiet hills,
Where peace will mix a philter for my ills—
Rafters of cedar and of sycamore,

Where I can stretch out on the fragrant

floor,

And see them peer—the softly stepping
shapes—

By the still pool where hang the tart wild
grapes.

There on the hills of summer let me lie

On the cool grass in friendship with the sky.

Let me lie there in love with earth and sun,

And wonder up at the lightfoot winds that
run,

Stirring the delicate edges of the trees,

And shaking down a music of the seas.

Bring some vld book— ‘“The Romance of the

Rose,’”’

A song through which the wine of morning
blows.

Let me stretch out at friends with life at
last,

Forgetting all the clamors of the past—
The broken dream, the flying word unjust,
The failure, and the friendship gone to dust.

— Edwin Markham.

SONG TO FATHER O’KANE, S. J.

(Composed in honor of the recent golden
jubilee of the Rev. Michael O’Kane, S. J., of
St. Joseph’s College and chaplain of the
Eastern Penitentiary, as a member of the
Society of Jesus.)

White harvests were glistening,

And the call found you listening;

When of old you went hastening -

Down Linden Lane.
Now ’neath its gold leaves for us
What your reaping achieves for us,
Father O’Kane!
CHORUS.

Ah, ’tis you have the way with you

That makes our hearts gay with you.

Laughing all day with' you

And the next day again.
Ged keep the eyes dry in you,
And hush every sigh in you,

Father O’Kane! ,

All the minds ycu have brightencd

And the souls ycu have whitened

And the hearts you have lightened

And freed from their pain,

From the past they come winging now;

Their thanks they are bringing now,

And with us they are singing now,

Father O’Kane!

Here are brothers who treasure you,
- And a home glad to pleasure you,

And warm hearts that treasures you

Far beyond the world’s gain.

Holy Cross unites cheers in you;

Son and Father reveres in you,

And crowns fifty years in you,

Father O’Kane! :

— Rev. Francis P. Donnelly, S. J., in the

© “Standard and Times.’’

-

GIVEN LIBERTY TO FEED SOLDIERS

A rather unique condition attending a re-
lease on pardon of a life prisoner was brought
to our attention by a Virginia correspondent
recently.

It seems that on his solemn promise thathe
would go to work on a farm and would grow
enough crops to feed three soldiers in Europe,
Sam Glover has been freed from his life
term in jail at Norfolk, Va. Glover has
served ten years on his life term for murder.

He has been a model prisoner and his re-
lease was requested by a large number of
prominent men, who were of the opinion that
he suffered long enough imprisonment for
his crime.

PRISONERS AS ROAD BUILDERS

Its a fact that in Oklahoma prison road
camps are no longer in the experimental
stage, says the National Committee on Pris-
on Labor. They have become an accepted
institution in the State. In the central and
southwest sections prisoners are building the
Ozark trail, in the southeast, they are grad-
ing the Jefferson highway, and in other dis-
tricts they are assisting the local good roads
movement.

THE LARGEST AMERICAN FLAG

The city of St. Louis, Mo., possesses the
largest American flag in existence, as far as
is known. Itis 150 feet long and 78 feet
wide. Each of the thirteen stripes is six feet
wide. Imagine a plot of ground containing
11,700 square feet—almost one-quarter of an
acre—and you will have «n idea of the size
of the flag. When used in parades it requires
200 people to carry it. But on account of its
great width it cannot be carried through
many of the streets of the city.

ENGLISH “DOLLAR BILLS”

A London, Eng., reviewer reports that the
agitation for the issue of five shilling currency
notes appears to be reviving. The scarcity
in the commercial supply of bar silver is
touched upon, and the question is said to
have arisen whether the Government might
not by the substitution of paper for silver
coin realize a considerable profit for the
Exchequer by selling the surplus metal for
use where it is much more wanted.

NEW TELEPHONE RECEIVER

An improved telephone receiver has been
put on the market by the use of which it is
said that even persons partially deaf can
hear over the telephone. The receiver has
a trumpet shaped design, with a fluted ear-
piece, and is so made as to shut out all ex-
ternal noises. It is also claimed for it that
it does away- with the ear-splitting cracks
which result when central is working to get
a party who ‘‘doesn’t answer.’’ ’
