---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_192.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

(Continued from page 1.)

presentation of the Picture Play of the af-
ternoon, a Charlie Chaplin comedy, ‘‘Tillie’s
Punctured Romance’’ with Marie Dressler in
the title role. It was a five reel feature, and
funny in every part. After three reels had
been shown it was suspended for the nonce,
Miss Russell and Miss Angellotti having ar-
rived, and the vaudeville portion of the day’s
entertainment began with the appearance of
Mr. Barry, baritone. He sang to the very
great pleasure of the audience, ‘‘When the
Sun Goes Down in Dixie,”” ¢“The Sunshine of
Your Smile,”” ‘““Won’t You Come Back,
Dixie?’’ and we confess we liked them all. The
~ evidence would seem to point to Mr. Barry
being a Southerner.

Next appeared Miss Ann Benjamin, a
dainty little maiden of some six or nine
summers—we never-could guess a girl’s age,
even when we had all the data, and were
leoking her in the eye—who sang “If I Were
Huckleberry Finn,”” and ‘‘Down in Madame
Julie’s Beauty Parlor,”” and afterward danced
so prettily as to remind us of the nymphs
who once graced the vales of Thessaly, now
so seldom seen of men. Mr. Lewis then ap-
peared in a comedy singing and joking act,
followed by Mr. Carlin in a-somewhat similar
turn. Each was very good after his manner.

“‘Andy’’ Harris, the ‘‘Black Fashion Plate’’
appeared in ‘‘black-face’”” in a singing and
‘“patter’’ act. His comic songs, ““The Good
Old Yankee Names,’’ and a parody on ‘‘My
Dream of the U. S. A.’’ were most amusing.

Then came Mr.John Devlin, a real ‘“‘Prince
of Entertainers’’ who repeated his triumph
of a preceding Saturday. A perpetually rainy
day, an easy chair, a sea-coal fire, and Mr,
Devlin to tell us stories, would be our idea
of a happy life. It’s the second hearty laugh
we’ve had since we last saw the Judge, and
Mr. Devlin was responsible for the other one.
His delightful Irish brogue, real, or
assumed; his infectious smile; his apparent
surprise when his audience roars its approv-
al of a telling point, all make for bis suec-
cess, which was undeniable. Please come
again Mr. Devlin, you’re the best cure for
the‘‘blues’’ we know. N

Mr. Wm. T. Griffiths Imperial Minstrels were
next, and last, on the program, and their
work was very much appreciated by their
hearers. George Carlin sang ‘‘The Supersti-
tious Man,’’ and proved himself of the first
water, Mr. Barry sang ‘‘You Stole My Heart
Away,’”’” Mr. Harris sang “‘If I Had a Son for
Each Star in Old Glory’’ and Mr. Steve Bryan
sang a patriotic song. The ‘‘end-men’’ and
Mr. Griffiths, as interlocutor, got off some
amusing ‘‘gags,’’ and Lewis & Carlin, in a
musical novelty with the clarinet, or some
like instrument—our ignorance of musical
instruments leads us to hedge on this state-
ment, they may have been Jew’s-harps—were
amusing, the grand finale being a general
musical number in which every member of
the cast blew his hardest. This was the last

of the acts, and the remaining two reels of
the picture were run off, and the members
called it a day, with the general admission
that it was an afternoon well spent. We
must congratulate the Second Section in its
turn upon the general good order maintained;
the First Section has nothing on them, and
““/Curly’’ may have to provide two cups. We
hope that each man will personally see to it
that this good record is permanently main-
tained, and that no occasion for criticism be
ever given, the privileges we have gained
are to valuable to be lightly lost through
someones stupidity or meanness.

GENERAL

We would like to call the attention of the
members to the fact that there may be some
having children whom they would like to
have the Club remember this Christmas, and
who have been overlooked in the gathering
of the names; if such should be the case they
have but to call their Delegate’s attention to
the fact, and he’ll do the rest.

Next Saturday, November 24th, the
First Section will be out as follows: 6 G,
6 B, 12 B, 12-1G, 12-2G, 10 B, 1 B, 11 B, 8 B,
9 B.

— B8266.

DONATIONS TO THE KIDDIES’ XMAS FUND
FOR THE WEEK ENDING NOVEMBER 17, 1917.

B 7881, $2.00. B 8000, $1.50. B 7401, $1 00.
B 4765, 7355,7597, 8508, 8890,8594, 8869, 8648,
7500, 50¢. B 6030, 5077, 7542, 8606, 7696, 8453,
6906, 8680, 8621, 8685, 8476, 8470, 7276, 5810,
8058, 7621, 8128, 8145, 8163, 8222, 8705, 6681,
25¢. B 8137, 6736, 20c. B 8826, 6255, 8688,
15¢. B 7125, 8451, 7749, 8764, 6652, 7427, 10c.
B 8471, 5c.

EPISCOPAL SERVICE

Thursday, Nov. 15tn, services were held in
the Chapel by the Episcopal Church at this
institution under the charge of the Rev. Dr.
Hutchinson, rector of St. Clemont’s Episco-
pal Church, this city.

Mass was celebrated by Father Hutchinson
assisted by a deacon of his parish.

Prior to celebration of Holy Communfon,
Dr. Hutchinson delivered a discourse on the
subject of, ‘“The Sacredness of these Sacra-
ments.”’

In sequence to the discource the congrega-
tion was honored with a mezzo-soprano solo,
entitled:— ‘I Come to Thee,”” words by
George Graff Jr., music composition by Caro
Roma, sung by Mrs. Gates.

The Choir, under the efficient leadership of
B 7737 proved to be in excellent shape, and
its chants of praise sounded melodiously
throughout the Chapel.

In the afternoon, Dr. Hutchinson gave par-
ticularly for the benefit of those who are to
receive the Holy Rites of Confirmation, an
interesting and instructive talk upon the
““Doctrine of the Church, ’and his competency
as a lecturer and perspicuity enabled all to
grasp with ease the lesson which was being
expounded to them. —Contributed.

. and to order.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7Tth Block. fa)
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. ok

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.
POLISHING done. Tables and jewel boxes
estimates cheerfully given. B 8156 6 Block.
HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Alto horn in good condition and
tutor almost new for $6.00. B 8753, 7th Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also
cages. B 7507, 8rd Block. i
FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in
flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap.
B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block.

FOR SALE—Hand-made lace. Clover leaf
pattern 50¢ a yard and up. At Storehouse
Made by B 8641, 3rd Block.

PICTURE frames made to order at reason-
able prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B 3079,
1st Block.

SACRED HEARTS painted in oil on white
satin, 7x10; price 50¢ each. No orders taken
after December 15. B 6560 7th Ga]]ery.
TYPEWRITING done at very low rates.
B 8784, 8th Block. e
FOR SALF—Fine line of bead wateh fobs
on hand. Special desions made to order by
expert workman: ,,B 6452, 1st Block. Aeils.
WATCHES. clocks, phonographs and other
small mechanisms repaired. Consecienticrs
workmansghin and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal.
FOR SAT.H—FEdison nhonograph in oood con-
dition, with 16 records and horn. Going out.
B 7540 6th G_a_!]qry.

Mrs. Jane Gates, of the Kings Daughters,
the Little Mother of the Honor and Friend-
ship Club, attended services at the Episcopal
Church held in the Prison Chapel, and was
deeply impressed by the evident sincerity of
the purpose of the Communicants. She was
prevailed upon to sing for the benefit of those
present, and choosing one of the older Com-
munion Hymns for her vehicle wrought won-
derfully upon the hearts of her hearers, being
herself almost overcome by emotion at the
moment. The extent and value of this lady’s
work among the inmates cannot be measured
by earthly standards. We can bow our heads
in tribute, and believe with her:

““That men may rise on stepping stones,
Of their dead selves, to higher things.”’

The cost of maintaining one American
soldier in the field is 14.3 times as much as
the maintenance of one German soldier.
Government experts have figured that Ger-
many can support more than 14 men for the
same money spent on one American. The
higher pay of the American soldier contri-
butes largely to this difference.

|
|
