---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_193.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

Philadelphia, November 28, 1917

NO. 47

THANKSGIVIMG :
PROCLAMATION

By the President of the United States of
America

It has long been the honored custom of
our people to turn in the fruitful autumn of
the year in praise and thanksgiving to Al-
mighty God for His many blessings and mer-
cies to us as a nation. That custom we can
follhw now, even in the midst of the tragedy
of a world shaken by war and immeasurable
disaster, in the midst of sorrow and great
peril, because even amidst the darkness that
has gathered about we can see the great
blessings God has bestowed upon us, bless-
ings that are better than mere peace of mind
and prosperity of enterprise.

We have been given the opportunity to

_serve mankind as we once served ourselves
in the great day of our Declaration of Inde-
pendence, by taking up arms against a tyr-
ranny that threatened to master and debase
men everywhere, and joining with other free
peoples in demanding for all the nations of
the world what we then demanded and ob-
tained for ourselves. In this day of the rev-
elation of our duty not only to defend our
own rights as a nation, but to defend also
the rights of free men throughout the world,
there has been vouchsafed us in full and in-
spiring measure the resolution and spirit of
united action. We have been brought to one
mind and purpose. A new vigor of common
counsel and common action has been revealed
in us. We should especially thank God that
in such circumstances in the midst of the
greatest enterprise the spirits of men have
ever entered upon we have if we but observe
a reliable and practical economy abundance
with which to supply needs of those asso-

ciated with us as well as our own. New
light shines about us. The great duties of a
new day awaken a new and greater national
spirit in us. We shall never again be divided
or wonder what stuff we are made of.

And while we render thanks for these
things, let us pray Almighty God that in all
humbleness of spirit we may look always to
Him for guidance; that we may be kept
constant in the spirit and service; that by
His grace our minds may be directed and our
hands strengthened; and thatin His good time
liberty and security and peace and the com-
radeship of a common justice may be vouch-
safed all the nations of the earth.

— WO0ODROW WILSON.

The average adult inhales about one gallon
of air a minute.

GOD GIVE US MEN

God give us men, a time like this demands
Great hearts, strong minds, true faith and
ready hands:

Men whom the lust of office cannot kill;
Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy;
Men who possess opinions and will;

Men who love honor; men who wlll not lie;

Men who can stand before a demagogue,

And brave his treachers flatteries without
winking;

Tall men sunburnt, who live above the fog,

In public duty, and in private thinking;

For while the rabble, with its thumbworn
screeds,

Its large professions, and its little deeds,

Mingle in selfish strife, lo! Freedom weeps,

Wrong rules the land and waiting Justice

sleeps.
—DR. J. G.”Holland.

Here is a poem that came direct from the
heart of a deep thinker and a true man. A
poem inspired by the highest motives and
noblest aims. A poem that should animate
the heart of all true patriots and lovers of
humanity.

It is an inspired appeal to God to give us
men in the hour of greatest need. Men that
will rise above materialism, selfishness, or
any thought of personal gratificatien or de-
sire.

It calls for men who will give their all—
their very best to the Nation in order to
bring about a solution of the serious problem
that now confronts our Country. Men with
the glow of God’s light in their souls that
will lead them to accomplish their purpose in
spite of all obstacles. Men with red blood in
their veins that will enable them to rise su-
premely above all other considerations than to
bring about a lasting peace that will add
honor and glory to their Country, and fame
for themselves as the emancipators of hu-
manity from the slavery of autocratic power
of military despotism.

Let us pray on this Thanksgiving Day that
God will grant us just what this ringing ap-
peal calls for: MEN. -

A MUCH NEEDED MEASURE

It has been definitely announced that Judges
Martin and Bregy, of the Common Pleas
Court, have drafted a bill to be presented to
the next Legislature authorizing the cities of
the first class to make appropriations for a

fund to be used under the direction of the
Quarter Sessions Court for needy priscners
at liberty on probation. E. M. Hackney,
probation officer of the Quarter Sessions
tribunal, brought the matter to the attention
of the Judges.

It is understood that the plan is not to
make an outright gift of any money, but
rather in the way of a loan for immediate
purposes, so that it can be paid back when
the probationer obtains work.

As thestate law now stands, a prisoner is
given five dollars on his release; a sum bare-
ly sufficient for two day’s lodging in these
days of high prices.

THANKSG1VING DAY
BAND CONCERT

A select program of National airs and
other appropriate music has been arrenged
by Professor A. F. Wiegandt for renditicn
by the E. S. P. band on Thanksgiving Day.

This will enliven the usual quiet of the
holiday and brighten the spirits of the in-
mates who are prone to depression on such
occasions.

The program is as follows.

PROGRAM
Entry March Quick-step Warren
‘““‘America’
1. Stars and Stripes Forever J. P. Sousa
2. Stradella Overture Flotow
3. Tramp; Tramp, Tramp Rollinson
Solo by B 6244
4. Flower Song Lange
INTERMISSION
5. Over There One-step Cohan
6. Aida Selection Verdi
7. An African Beauty A. Pryor
Huckleberry Finn Young

8. Boy Scouts of America J.P.Sousa
‘‘Star Spangled Banner’’
Exit March ‘‘The Empire State’” Winstein
Professor A. F. Wiegandt, Conductor

MANY COLORADO PRISONERS
TO BE GIVEN LIBERTY

Late news accounts from Denver, Col.,
announces that the State Board of Pardons
have decided to release on parole or pardon
every prisoner in that state not guilty of too
heinous a crime or serving a life sen-
tence, in order that their services may be
utilized to relieve the seriouslabor stringency
in that section. This will be a true Thanks-

. giving boon to a large number of prisoners

now serving time in that state.

It is to be hoped that men will appreciate
this act of clemency by making good, so that
other states may be induced to follow this
excellentfinnovation.
