---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_194.jpg
---
9
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned. j

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, Novmeber 21, 1917.

“In adversities we should show ourselves
like men and pluck up good spirits.’’

HOW THANKSGIVING CAME ABOUT

Thanksgiving Day may be said to be an
American institution, as it was not borrow-
ed, as are so many of our holidays, from the
ancient traditions of the older world or from
ecclesiastical calendars. Though it has a
basis of religious belief in the protective
grace of an all-wise Providence, it has gain-
ed its present place of pre-eminence because
it stands forth as the ideal of the community
out of which vur republic has grown.

It is said that the beginning of the real
Thanksgiving Day came from the mind and
heart of William Bradford, first governor of
Plymouth, as a manifestation of gratitude
for the bounteous harvest of 1621, after an
extended period of privations and want
among the people. It was proclaimed a day
of thanksgiving for December 18, old style
calendar, of that year. ‘‘Then did the royal
bird of our Thanksgiving dinner tables make
its entrance on the festive board.’’

““The good governor, having fixed upon the
day of thanksgiving for the Pilgrims, sent
four stout warriors with guns in search of
game. Theseearly hunters returnedat night
staggering under the weight of wild turkeys
sufficient to meet the wants of Plymouth for
a week. To these were added the goodies
concocted by the thrifty housewife of the
colony, and when the 13th of December
dawned, all was in readiness for the first
real American Thanksgiving ever known.”’

But that was not all. After a lengthy
service at the church—a matter of about
three heurs—dinner followed; the scent ofits
appetizing odor seemed to have been wafted
into the depths of the forest, for in the
midst of the feast the Indian yell was heard
and a party of a hundred or more friendly
redskins under King Massasoit, appeared on
the scene, bringing with them numerous
haunches of venison. ‘“With all this supply of
food on hand it is not strange to learn that
the day of Thanksgiving lengthened into three,
the feast being varied with psalm singing
and exhortations; with war dances by the
Indians; with military drill by stout Myles

THE UMPIRE

Standish’s soldiery, and with various sports
and pastimes of the more sober English
kins.”’

After the first Thanksgiving others follow-
ed more or less regularly down through the
year. ‘“‘From Massachusetts the observance
spread throughout New England and later
obtained national recognition. Washington
proclaimed a day of thanksgiving following
the successful ending of the War of Independ-
ence, and Lincoln did the same after the
battle of Gettysburg. Thereafter the last
Thursday in November was designated from
Washington, and a national holiday has be-
come established.”’

The story is told that on Thanksgiving Day,
in 1713, the governor of Connecticut and the
king’s commissioners were just preparing to
fall upon the viands, when it was announced
in horror-stricken tones that the bear pre-
pared for the occasion had been ‘‘shot on ye
Lord’s day.”” ‘‘At that dismal news, the
entire gathering declined to touch a morsel
of the roast bear, and it was decided that the
Indian who had shot the animal should be
whipped to the extent of 39 stripes and re-
store the price paid for the meat. Then,
having inflicted a ‘just and righteous sentence
on ye sinful heathen,’ the company fell up-
on the meal with clear conscience and quickly
put it out of sight.’”’

INDIVIDUAL STILL COUNTS

Games like football and tennis are being
utilized to a large extent in the training of
our soldiers in camp. They develop physical
fitness, but they go farther and produce
what modern psychologists are calling moral
tone. Physical tone has a very direct influ-
ence on moral tone, says a writer in the
FEvening Telegraph.

It has been said that battles of England
were won on the football fields of Eton and
Rugby. Professor Ross interprets this as
meaning that the coolness of the British of-
ficer in a Dervish charge or an Afghan rush
is the same imperturbability that the sea-
soned football player attains when, amid the
cheers of excited thousands, he thinks quickly
and unerringly what is to be done.

The private in the ranks, however. profits
from games and sports equally with the of-
ficer. He shows form when he displays all-
around efficiency, physical and mental, and
especially when he manifests the game spirit
in success or defeat. There is no better place
than the athletic field to acquire the moral as
well as physical tone which insures the tri-
umph of will over impulse. It is essential to
good team play, for the individual still counts
in athletics and war. :

IF I WERE TWENTY-ONE

If I were twenty-one again, I would take
much counsel of men who had made failures
of their lives.

The outside world is lying in wait (with a

_—_——\

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is céleprated at the Prison
- Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

T re—— e p—

club) for college men who let it be known
that they believe they learned something at
college.

If T were twenty-one again, I would try to
train myself to be a common-sense business
executive. There seems to be at present
less competition in that field than any other.

Whether I went through college or whether
I didn’t, I would surely study law. "The man
who has effectively studied law, even though
he does not become a good lawyer, has in
many instances a decided advantage over the
man who has no legal knowledge.

During the next ten years I believe that
technical training will be greatly overdcne
so far as concerns the opportunities in life of
the man so trained. There will be a demand
for all-around business men, which I think
will be far in excess of the supply.

Read! I cannot too strongly recommend
reading. Six hours each week of serious
reading is not too much, but it may mean
the difference between a $20,000 a year ex-
ecutive and a $25 a week clerk. Read!
Learn to think with—and against—the deep
thinkers of the world.

If I were twenty-one again, I would not
seek a salaried position until I was twenty-
five. Instead, I would become a salesman or
a canvasser cn a commissicn basis, and I
would do so before T left college. I can con-
ceive of no better way to develop business
backbone and stamina in a young man than
to give him someihing to sell on commission.

— William Maxwell.

LET THEM SMOKE

Judging from the funds that are being col-
tected and the enthusiasm at the various
meetings, none of those who really wish to
help the soldiers are paying much attention
to priggish doctrinairism which would ban
cigarettes and tobacco generally, says the
Public Ledger. "

The medical specialists have, by a huge
majority, testified to the lack of harm the
cigarette bestows on those at work in the
open air in the trenches. The increased and
