---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_195.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

- very vigorous metabolism, as the sum total
of the functional activities of the body is
termed, due to the severe open-air regimen,
aside from any attitude of mind which comes
from social or physical suggestion, as it
were, calls for some such slight sedative as
is furnished by a good smoke. There is no
argument against it from the point of view
of health, and the objections which have
been raised are so artificial, so anti-human,
that it is to be hoped none who can will deny
the men who are fighting for us this little
crumb of comfort. Of course, those who know
something of primary psychology also know
that it isn’t the tobacco as the weed that
cheers without toxic menace which does the
trick so much as it is the calming effect that
comes from association of ideas that a smoke
evokes as to the comforts of civilian life.

It would seem as if it were only necessary

to state this to have a universal response,.

therefore, in favor of letting the boys smoke
it up. ;

IS THE WHALE COMING BACK?

Despatches of the recent capture of three
sperm whales by Gray’s Harbor hunters serve
as a reminder that the ancient industry in
whaling has undergone a noteworthy revival
in the last few years. It is an interesting
fact that the revival has been due largely to
the development of the battleship, one of the
most modern creations of man.

Hundreds of whalers from American ports
sailed the seas, in the times before the Civil
War, when whale oil was used for lighting.
The discovery of petroleum caused a slump
in the industry. Historic New Bedford and
Nantucket became the boneyards of a once
mighty fleet, and the race of hardy Ameri-
can mariners developed by whaling became
almost extinct. The old romances passed
into tradition.

But as ships, and particularly battléships,
grew in size and number, it was found that
for use in certain of the bearings in their
pondrous engines there was nothing that
would quite take the place of ‘‘case oil,”’

found in the head of sperm whale, which is.

strangely clear and does not disintegrate
under great pressure and heat. So whalers
began to take to the sea again. They are
as primitive as those of the older generation,
but their cargoes are more than ever in de-
- mand.

CAMPHOR IN THE SOUTH

Camphor is now grown in Florida and Tex-
as, the trees forming attractive hedges.
Samuel C. Hood, formerly of the United States
Bureau of Plant Industry, gave lately in' the
Journal of Industrial and Engineering Chem-
istry of the American Chemical Society the
results of many tests he made in Florida cam-
phor trees. Hereached the conclusion that
the best yield i obtained from trimming
the hedges in the spring and fall during the

dormant season of the trees. If the outer
leaves and twigs are allowed to remain on
the trees through another growing season
the yield is decreased.

The faster the trees grow the more gum
they secrete so that better results are obtain-
ed from trees growing on good ground than
on poor ground. Forcing the trees with fer-
tilizer also helps to produce gum. Even every
slight shade decreases the yield. Hisresults
show a little more than 14 per cent. of pure
camphor from the leaves and twigs. For
many years this product has been con-
tracted by the Japanese, and it is ‘gratify-
ing to note the progress which is being made
in this country.

WHILE HOPE STILL LIVES

While hope still lives in the human heart

There lives a germ from which the worlds
may start;

To give a life to a human soul,

And bend a mind to attain a goal.

While hope still lives in a human breast

A stricken hero may raise his crest,

And strive once more with a glorious might
O’erthrow his foeman and win the fight.

While hope still lives in a human soul
Be sure that Satan has not the whole;
’Tis not too late to o’ercome a sin;

There’s still a chance to resist and win.

While hope still lives there is much that
lives,
Is much that comfort and solace gives;
So, guard that hope ere it wholly dies
And dead each impulse and striving lies.
— Random Verse by F. W. B.

DESIGNED ITALY’S FLAG

Not many may be aware that the flag they
will be requested to buy today in aid of the
Italian Red Cross was designed by Napoleon.

When the great conquercr made Italy a
kingdom, with Eugene Beauharnals as Vice-
roy,he tried to design a flag for it which,
while distinctive, should yet indicate by its
close resemblance to that of France, the
source to which it owed existence. The re-
sult was the tri-color of green, white and
red, and this flag, suppressed on the down-
fall of Napoleon, was revived by the Italian
Nationalists in 1818, and accepted by the
King of Sardinia as the ensign of New Italy,
with the addition of the arms of Savoy.

AREA OF EARTH’S SURFACE

The superficial area of surface of the earth
is estimated to be 196,797,000 square miles,
of which 55,500,000 square miles are land and
141,050,000 square miles water. Of the en-
tire land portion the best estimates place the
fertile regions at 29,000,000 square miles; un-
productive plains, 14,000,000 square miles:
deserts, 4,861,000 square miles; polar regions
of ice-bound land and water, 6,970,000 square
miles. :

THE FIRST DIAMOND

The first diamond discovered in Griqua-
land, South Africa, was found by the chil-
dren of a Dutch farmer, who for a time used
it as a plaything. The stone was later sent
to Cape Town, where its true nature was re-
cognized, and it was subsequently forwarded
to Paris, where it was exhibited and sold for
$2,500. The valuable discovery soon led to
other researches, and diamonds were unearth--

‘ed in various places in Griqualand West, with

the result that, forty-six years ago, the coun-
try of the Griquas, a mixed race sprung from
Dutch settlers and native ;women, were an-
nexed by Great Britian.

Diamond hunting was at first confined to
the banks of the Vaal River but in the year
of the British occupation mines were opened
in the locality known as ‘‘dry diggings,”’
which has since received the name of Kim-
berly. - In 1872 the world was startled by the
discovery of the Stewart diamond of 288%
carats. The daily output of the consolidated
mines at Kimberly just prior to the outbreak
of the war was valued at $220,000.

CHEMICAL LAKES

There are several lakes in the United
States which contain sodium carbonate,
borax, potash, and common table salt, says
the Popular Scitence Monthly.

The longer the war continues the more
valuable these chemlcal bodiesbecome. Per-
haps the best known of these is Great Salt
Lake, Utah’s ocean of salt. Others are .
Searles Lake, Owens Lake, and Mono Lake,
all in California. The origin of these lakes is
doubtful. In some cases they are probably
due to an arm of the ocean becoming land-
locked. The most remarkable feature about
them is the fact that they seem to be contin-
uously fed from subterranean sources, since
they maintain a uniform amount of salt.

FACTS WORTH KNOWING

The world’s deepest well, 7,350 feet, is in
one of the German coal fields.
% & k
Madrid proposes toutilize the water brought
to the city by an old canal to produce about
3,000 eleetrical horsepower.
%
» k
The Peunsylvania Railroad has accepted
the principle of ‘‘equal pay for equal work’’
whenever women are employed in places of

men.

%
* *

Detroit (Mich.) Horse Meat Packing Asso-
ciation has organized to promote the sale of
a new table delicacy and also reduce the

cost of living.

%
k £

At the age of 18 David ls said to have writ-
ten his first psalm, Shelley wrote Queen Mab
and Mendelsshon composed his music for ‘“A
Midsummer Night’s Dream.’’
