---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_196.jpg
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

At the November 20th, meeting of the
Board of Delegates the following were ad-
mitted to membership. New-B 5165, donat-
ing $1.00; B 8869, 10¢; B 8871, 5783; rein-
stated, B 8632, 8301.

Among the financial transactions of the
week, the transfer of $100.00 from the Club’s
Treasury to the credit of the Kiddies” Xmas
Fund, looms largest. In return two $50.00
Liberty Bonds, purchased with money do-
nated last Spring for the Kiddies” Fund were
transferred to the the Club. So is a difficult
situation cleared up, after some flnancial
juggling which would have delighted the
soul of a J. Rufus Wallingford. B 7544 was
paid $10.01, being his commission on sales of
waste paper, ete., and John Wanamaker was
paid $3.00 for white muslin supplied. The
Watch-dog of the Treasury had a bad week
of it. ;
ENTERTAINMENT

No member of the First Section asked for
his money back at the close of Saturday’s
Entertainment, so we must assume them all
to have been well pleased with the brand of
amusement furnished them. They will have
something, atleast, to be thankful for on the
coming Thursday, while the Second Section
can be thankful that their Saturday is but a
day away. There’s nothing like being an
optimist.

The Professor, and his effiicient Band had
scarcely ceased tearing off a few yards of
patriotic, and-so-forth music, when Mr.
Kraupa, and the Hon. Jimmy, appeared with
the films, and the audience settled down to
watch the adventures of Bessie Love, in
“‘Nina, the Flower Girl,”” avery Laura-Jean-
Libbeyish melodrama in pictures, but re-
deemed by the grace and charm of the star.

There was the poor young ‘‘woiking goil,”’
blind-but honest; the lover, poor and de-
formed, but honest; the mother, old, and
gray, the villian, in the inevitable dress-suit,
and all the other ingredients of a Bowery
melodrama, but, as we’ve already said,
Bessie Love saved the situation. ;

The first act on the program was Hastings
& Barret, who handled a piccolo, and an ac-
cordion, with familiarity, and careless aban-
don, and accomplished marvelous results.

Their rendering of the ‘‘Memphis Blues’’
was very acceptable to the colored portion of
the audience; and they were forced to respond
twice to determined cncores before their
audience was satisfied.

The next to appear was little Miss Adeline
Bendon, to whom we owe, and tender, the
most abject of apologies for our blunder in

naming her Miss Anne Benjamin in our last

weeks Notes. She no doubt contemplates
changing her name, but not just yet. She
was every bit as charming as on her previous
appearance, and was enthusiastically - re-
ceived. Her singing of ‘‘Give me blue eyes,

e et

IHL UMPIRL

e

oo g

give me a boy, and I will do the rest’ and
“*Oh! Johnny’’ proved her an actress to the
manner born, and her toe-dancing, a la Genee,
was remarkable for one so young, and prom-
ises a brilliant future. ‘‘Curly,’”” B 8361, was
so moved as to donate an inlaid jewel box, to
be presented to her in the name of the Club,
as a material proof of our appreciation.

She was recalled at the end of the ‘‘turn”’
and Mr. Kraupa introduced Vice-President
A 8432, who pinned the Club button upon her
breast, making her an Honorary member of
the Club, and presented her with the box.

She was a bit overcome, it being totally
unexpected, and she could only bow, and
thank us, in the immortal words of‘‘Tiny
Tim,’’ ““‘God bless you everyone.’”” The Rose
Valley Four, a Quartette lately of the Steel
Pier, Atlantic City, were next, and warbled
happily of many things,

““Of shoes, and ships, and sealmg wax,

And cabbages, and kings.”’

to the evident satisfaction of their hear-
ers; they were in haste to catch a train,
and so were unable to stay as long as the
audience would have liked them to; but we
have hopes of their returning some day, when
there aren’t any trains running.

Next Saturday, December 1st, the Second
Section will come forth as follows: 7 B, 7 G,
5iG B4 B R4sG ST B 8266.

SECOND BLOCK NOTES

Well, surprises will never cease. We the
women of the Second Block can voueh for
this, as we were mostagreeably surprised on
Friday afternoon when Warden McKenty
made the announcement that we were to have
a movie show on Saturday afternoon. We
most heartily thank Warden McKenty for
his kindness and we are going to earnestly
endeavor to merit the same, and hope that
in the future if any follow us that they will
have it better than we have, and we are going
to pave the way if given a chance. We also
wish te thank Mrs. Reuben McKenty who
so generously furnished the music while the
pictures were being shown. It seemed more
like the outside after Mrs. McKenty tickled
the ivorys. [ really believe there was not
one present who did not forget her surround-
ings for the afternoon. We must not forget
Mr. Rube, although we have always pestered
him every time we’ve seen him, he was on
the job and worked hard for us. Just wait
Mr. Rube, if women ever get the vote, we
won’t forget our freinds of the present day.
Good luck and prosperity to you and your
wife in all your undertakings is our sincere
wish. “For you richly deserve all this world
can give you; you certainly know how to be
pleasant, and make things pleasant for all.

Our Chaplain just peeped in, although it
was dark we felt his presence and hope he
will come earlier and stay longer the next
time. We are sure he would have enjoyed
the pictures. Miss Elsie must not be forgot-
ten as she also helped by relieving Mrs. Rube

e o i St e T AT

eages.

St et S —

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of "Ad column

FOR SALE — Clothes- brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 3be to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
rfxﬁe}wcklaieifqr ladﬁes Prjl(’e% reas. B 5575, 6 B.
POLISHING done. Tables and jewel boxes
estimates cheerfully given. B 8156 6 Block.
HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE- Alto horn in good condition and
tutor almost new for $6.00. B 8753, 7th Block.
FOR SALE_ Birds, males and females; also
R 7507, 3rd Block. i

FOR SALE 12 string mandolin and case in

good order. $6.00. B 3142, 5th Gallery.
FOR SALE —Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6521, 7th Block.

FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block.

FOR SALE— Fanﬂv circles made of beads in
flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap.
B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block.

FOR SALE —Hand-made lace. Clover Jeaf
pattern 50¢ a yard and vp. At Storebhouse
and to order. Made by B 8641, 3rd Block.

PICTURE frames made to order. at reason-
able prices, Qathfachon gvaranteed. B 2079,
1st Block.

SACRED HEARTS painted in oil on white
satin, 7x10; price 50¢ each. No orders taken
after December 15. B 6560 7th Ga]]erv

TYPEWRITING done at very low rates.
B 8784, 8th Block.
FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special desions made to order by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.
WATCHES, clocks, phonograpbhs and other
small mechanigams renmred Censeienticrs
workmanshin and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal.
FOR SAT.E—TEdison nhonograph in ocood con-
dition, with 16 records and horn. Going out.
R 7540 6th Gallery.
FOR SATE—Foot-nower serole saw in ocod
condition. eagninred with emery wheel end
drill ('}mol( R 6450 lst B10(‘k

at the piano. - Manv thanks and a return in-
vitation to Mr. Kravpa, and his assistant,
the onlv disappointment was when we Jdidn’t
have a few remarks from the warden, while
we appreciated his presence we would have
liked to hear him say something. Don’t
think the women didn’t laugh for they cer-
tainly did, and our Matron enjoyed Charley
Chaplin as much as we did; in fact we all en-
joyed Marie Dressler as much as Charley.
Mrs. Stone, our Sunday School teacher, was
also present, and hopes that still better things
may be in store. In all we extend our thanks
to each and every one who helped us to for-
get our troubles, and made us feel better
and brighter. We are wishing for many
happy returns of the day,
Respectfully,
The women of the Second Bleck.
