---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_197.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

AS TO REVENGE

A man hits or insults you, and you hit him
back without a thought. That’s ordinary,
unregenerate human nature.

And being human nature, it is, on the
whole, Society’s treatment of the criminal.
The criminal has in some way wronged So-
ciety or some one or more members of it.and
after certain technical procedures Society
hits him back, says an exchange.

Until recently, and mostly yet, it hit him
without a thought, instinctively: that is,
without considering whether the back-blow
was the way of wisdom. It dealt out the in-
stinetive back-blow that the ordinary man
renders for an insult. It calls the blow
‘punishment,’ and it grades the hardness in
a rough sort of way; but the name does not
essentially alter the proceeding.

Which is really a sufficient argument
against or condemnation of ‘punishment’ for
very few would question that the instant re-
vengeful back-hit of human lower instinct is
wrong.

But if ‘punishment’ is wrong, then there
won’t and can’t be good results from it. Of
the two desired results—that the wrongdoer
shall be hit, and that crime shall be lessened
—there will only be the first. Crime is not
lessening but increasing. Our method is not
staying the increasing diffusion of criminality,
nor causing the criminal, after release, to be
less likely than before to commit his crime.
As much as he is less likely, is the result,
not of the ‘punishment’ awarded, but of the
agony of exposure and disgrace. The treat-
ment itself, dispiriting, unmanning, resent-
ment-making, tells in favor of subsequent
crime.

As we said, crime is increasing. The treat-
ment of it is wrong and we are accordingly
getting inevitable results of wrong doing.

The proper treatment of crime seems to
most people, once they seriously take it up,
an insolvable problem.

But note this rather significant fact: That
as soon as it began to dawn upon some minds
that the betterment of the criminal, physi-
cal, mental and moral, and not revenge, not
the back-blow, was the proper motive to
start with—then some- new ideas began to
come and we had the parole system, the in-
determinate and suspended sentence, juvenile
courts, ete., etc.

And we say that in proportion as the re-
venge treatmant is seen through and becomes
distasteful, in proportion to the numbers
whose minds thus change, will new and right
ideas present themselves and join on to the few
we now have. And at last, when the revenge
idea is wholly gone, we shall find the abso-

Philadelphia, December 5, 1917

lutely right treatment, the only treatment
that will give the steady diminution of crime
which we want to see.

The revenge instinct is wholly vicious and
only in proportion as we get rid of it will our
minds clear up and come in sight of methods
of treatment which are wise and humane and
consequently fruitful. We can remain blind
as long as we choose. But there is a little
eye-opening here and there.

Why not open fully to the New Way?

WAGE INCREASE DEMANDED
BY R. R. EMPLOYES

News despatches from Cleveland O., an-
nounce that virtually every railroad in the
United States was today presented with a re-
quest from the Brotherhood of Railroad
Trainmen and the Order of Railway Conduc-
tors for increased wages approximating 40
per cent. The general chairman of both la-
bor organizations were to present the wage
schedule to the generalmanagers of theroads
throughout the country today.

The new wage schedule is signed by W. G.
Lee, president of the Brotherhood of Rail-
way Trainmen, and A. B. Garretson, presi-
dent of the Order of Railway Conductors. A
request that an answer to the proposal be
made to the general chairman of the labor
organizations on or before December 381, 1917,
accompanies the schedule.

It is expected that the railroad managers
and the representatives of the employes will
meet in joint session in about two weeks,
probably in the East, in an effort to reach an
agreement on the wage question.

CHRISTMAS PACKAGES TO
CHEER PRISONERS

Good Words, published at the U. S. Peni-
tentiary, Atlanta, Ga., &nnounces that the
rules governing the receiving of articles by in-
mates at that institution will be suspended
from December 20, 1917, to December 31, 1917,
inclusive. ‘‘This will permit Christmas pack-
ages of cakes, candies, cigars, tobacco, chew-
ing gum and small pies to be received by
inmates in limited quantities from relatives
or friends. This is in addition to sucharticles
as are regularly allowed to prisoners.

The same rule will be in vogue at the
Government prison at Leavenworth, Kansas,
and at the Kansas State Prison, we are in-
formed.

Warden Frederick G. Zerbst, of Atlanta,
announced that prisoners who do not receive
packages from home or friends may order
through the usual channels, such articles as
mentioned above.’’ Let ushope—.

NO. 48

EXCELLENT SONG RE-
C1TAL BY ST. LAUREN-
TIUS CHURCH CHOIR

On Sunday afternoon last a delightful en-
tertainment of sacred music was provided for
the inmates of this institution by the Choir
of St. Laurentius Church under the able
direction of Wladyslow K. Grigaitis as con-
ductor. The choir was accompanied by a
string quartette of violin, cello and harp, with
Miss Margaret Maguire at the piano.

The opening number of the program, An-
dantion by E. Lemsre, was rendered by a
trio of violin, cello and piano, with pleasing
effect, and was followed with Mozart’s Mag-
nificat, sung by the entire chorus and the
soloists. The effect was a rare musical de-
light of fine vocal harmony seldom equalled
by any choral organization.

Piotr Wizla, a distinguished Polish baritone,
electrified the audience with his fine voice
and delightful singing. No less pleasing was
the singing of the other soloists, Mrs. V.
Bednarek and Mrs. C. Przychodzka, sopranos,
Miss H. Jozefowska, contralto, and Mr. V.
Figaniak, basso.

The entertainment was given under the
auspices of the American Society for Visiting
Catholic Prisoners, an organization of pro-
gressive and broad minded men ever on the
alert to advance the welfare and uplift of
prisoners.

The program was as follows:

PROGRAM

1. Andantino - E. Lemare
Trio for Violin, Cello and Piano

2. Magnificat W. Mozart
Chorus
3. O Jesu Deus Pacis J. Haydn
Basso Solo
4. O Cor Amoris Ch. Gluck

Duet, Soprano and Alto
5. Heaven’s Glory L. Beethoven
Chorus
6. Ave Maria from ‘‘Otello””
Soprano Solo
7. Salve Regina

G. Verdi

Dudley Buck
. Alto Solo
8. Domine ne in furore
Baritone Solo
9. Hymn (Crimean Sonnet)
Chorus

S. Moniuszko
S. Moniuszko

10. Pieta Signore Stradello

Baritone Solo
Lauda Sion’

11. Lambillotte

Chorus
STAR SPANGLED BANNER

Glen Mills Schools honor 151 boys who have
volunteered to serve in U. S. service.
