---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_198.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, December 5, 1917.

“We must meet reverses boldly, and not
suffer them to check us. We must learn to
act the play out.”’

WAR REDUCES DRUNKENNESS

It is very gratifying to note that war has
accomplished at least one good result in this
country, and that too, without loss of life, as
is attested by numerous reports that come to
hand from various sources.

We gather from the reports submitted at
a recent conference in New York, that
drunkenness has decreased greatly in that
state because of the demand for labor caused
by the war and ‘‘indirect’’ prohibition.

This conclusion is also sustained by the
findings of the officials of the Board of In-
ebriety and hospital authorities, made public
the other day. Arrests for intoxication
dwindled from 1,522 in February to 969 in
August, while the psychopathic ward in the
Bellevue Hospital has had fewer alcoholic pa-
tients in the last six months than at any
time in its history. Similar decreases in
other hospitals also have been reported.

“‘Under former conditions,’’” said Charles
Samson, secretary of the board, ‘‘a man who
lost his job through drink wasn’t able to get
another one for six weeks or so. So he
stayed drunk.during that time. Now an
habitual drunkard loses his job on Saturday,
sobers up and gets a one new on Monday.
The result of indirect prohibition is that no
one drinks so much and habitual drunkards
are regarded with less tolerance. It has an
effect all the time, but the war is the big
thinge 2

FEAR A BLIGHT TO CHILDHOOD

Without doubt one of the very worst things
that can happen in the life of a child is to in-
duce the sense of fear. Its pernicious effects
often last until the age of maturity is reached,

and even then, in some cases, is not wholly

obliterated.
A prominent writer avers that ‘‘no other

one attribute contributes more to peace of °

mind in this life than an absence of fear. To
attempt to govern a child by frightening it is
a crime, for in children the powers of imagi-
nation are exceedingly acute. Children do

not reason, they believe. A normal child has
no more fear of the dark than of the day-
light, but if such a child is put to bed alone
in a dark room and told ‘the goblins will get
him, if he does not go right to sleep,’ the
dark for years afterward will mean a place

-of vast terror filled with horrible possibili-

ties. Wakefulness, mental strain and ner-
vousness are as sure to follow as day follows
night. [f fear does show in a child it should
never be ridiculed. Fear may be destroyed

if a little time is taken to explain why there -

1s no reason to be afraid.’’

THE NEED OF BUYING BONDS

In response to several requests for infor-
mation on the war tax question, we submit
the following presentation of facts as glean-
ed from an article which appeared recently
in the FEwvening Bulletin, believing it will
make clear to the reader, why the average
citizen should buy Liberty Bonds, to help
the Government meet its financial needs.

““Corporations, far from being allowed to
make enormous profits, are bearing much of
the financial burden of the war, through tax-
ation. There is a graduated war tax on all
corporations, with an additional ten per cent.
on those manufacturing munitions. For il-*
lustration: A corporation has a capital of
$1,000,000. Prior to 1914 its profits averaged
$250,000 a year, but in 1917 its profits. are
$1,000,000. A reasonable net profit on its
capital, or nine per cent. is exempt. By its
graduated excess profits tax the Government
takes from this corporation $479,400. Inad-
dition to this it must pay six per cent. on the
balance, or $31,236. Total, $510,636 tax on
its $1,000,000 profits. Now add the tax of
fifty cents on each $100 of its capital stock
in excess of $99,000, or $4,505. Total $515,-
141. This applies to all corporations. Mun-
itions manufacturers must add the special tax

‘of ten per cent., or, in this case, $100,000,

making a grand total of $615,141, which the
munitions corporation must pay to the Gov-
ernment out of its $1,000,000 profits. Its
profits over those of pre-war days are only
$134, 859, which considering the great increase
of its business, are not excessive. This
money, moreover, is distributed in dividends
to its stockholders, and figure in their future
imposition of the income tax and super-in-
come tax. If the corporation has been form-
ed since the war began, its tax is based on
figures of older establishments. It must be
remembered, too, that these concerns give
employment at very high wages to many
thousands of men who would not, otherwise,
have been employed.’’

CARRY THIS CREED IN MIND

“Io not keep the alabaster boxes of your
love and tenderness sealed up until your
friends are dead. Fill their lives with sweet-
ness. Speak approving, cheering words
while their ears can hear them and while

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning. '

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at ‘the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

B T e S T e S TS o G T S Sty

their hearts can be thrilled and made hap-
pier by them. The kind things you mean to
say when they are gone, say before they go.
The flowers you mean to send for their cof-
fins, send to brighten and sweeten their
homes, before they leave them.

“If my friends have alabaster boxes laid
away, full of fragrant perfumes of sym-
pathy and affection, which they intend to
break over my dead body, I would rather
they would bring them out in my weary and
troubled hours and open them, that I may be.
refreshed and cheered by them while I need
them. I would rather have a plain coffin
without a flower, a funeral without an eulogy,
than a life without the sweetness of love and
sympathy. ‘

‘““‘Let us learn to anoint our friends before-
hand for their burial. Postmortem kindness
does not soothe the troubled spirit. ¥lcwers
on the coffin cast no fragrance backward
over life’s weary way. 22

WHEN IS A MAN REFORMED?

A man is reformed only when his viewpoint
of right and wrong becomes properly adjust-
ed, says the New Era, when his attitude to-
ward society becomes that of pity rather
than revenge, when he shows a desire to
traverse the straight path instead of the
crooked path, when his aspirations visikly
denote a voluntarily self-seeking ambition
for higher and nobler ideals. Without doubt
when this change takes place in a prisoner’s
heart, his reformation has been successfully
accomplished.

And when this period in the offender’s life
reaches this stage, that is the psychological
moment to consider giving him another
chance. This is the moment to seriously con-
sider granting him the merited reward that
he has earned—and which he deserves.
Society can do nothing more, it can expect
nothing more. When the man has fulfilled
his duty toward society, society should fulfil
it’s duty toward the man. Further confine-
ment only tends to punish and harden a prison-
er rather than make him a better man.
Continued and prolonged imprisonment fre-
quently shatters and tears down the good

-work which may have required many years to

build.
