---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_199.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

OWNERLESS ISLANDS

Spitzbergen, which is one of the few parts
of the globe over which no nation claims ef-
fective rights, is reallynot one island, but an
archipelago of five islands, and the actual
right of discovery belongs to the Dutch, who
set foot there in 1596, though the mariners
of James I made a more effective landing.
One of the difficulties in taking possession
lies in the fact that there is practically no
regular and permanent population, though
the islands are well known by Russian and
Norwegian hunters of walruses during a few
weeks of the year. Beyond that it is a dreary

and inhospitable land, and we certainly should

not find it worth while to risk discussion by
taking possession.

AN INGENIOUS LIFE PRESERVER

A strange type of life preserver has just
been patented by G. E. and Gertrude Fell, of
Buffalo. It has a water-tight mask to cover
the nose and mouth, and this mask is con-
nected by a tube with a periscope-like tower
that floats on the water and is kept in an up-
right position by a righting weight. In order
that there may be no strain on the air tube
the floating air tower is secured by a chain to
the vietim, who also must be supported by
floats under the arms.

It is said in behalf of the invention that it
offers a minimum resistance to the seas in
rough weathers and is especially suited for
war conditions.

MAN COUNTS FOR LITTLE

The things that are really ‘‘done,”’ which
do not pass away in the doing but last on in
fructifying power, are not done by man but
by God. Man reaches out and tries to do
some of the things which are clamoring to be
done, but when they are really done it is not
man who affects them but God. Therefore,
it is that the more man identifies himself
with God—and prayer is that very identiflca-
tion, since the heart of 21l prayer is: ‘‘Thy

will be bone’’—man finds himself at the cen-

ter from which all forces and energy proceed.
—Ralph Adams Cram.

A BIG FIND OF MANGANESE

It is announced that a great strike of man-
ganese has been made in the Leadville dis-
trict at the old Bohen mine.

Since the opening of the deposit its devel-
opment has attained the height of twelve
feet and progressed a distance of forty feet
without the top walls of the ore body being
reached. Its width is between twelve and
fifteen feet. The remarkably high grade of
the ore rather than the huge size of the de-
posit gives the discovery prominence, for it
is said to assay between 35 to 40 per cent.
Further, the ore is unusual because it con-
tains only 8 per cent. silica and 14 per cent.
iron.

YOUR MISSION

(This was President Lincoln’s favorite song,
one which he encored no less than eighteen
times when sung on a Sunday school conven-
tion in Washington in 1864.)

" If you cannot on the ocean

Sail among the swiftest fleet

Rocking on the highest billows,
Laughing at the storms you meet,

You can stand among the sailors,
Anchored yet within the bay,

You can lend a hand to help them
As they launch their boats away.

If you are too weak to journey
Up the mountain, steep and high,
You can stand within the valley
While the multitudes go by;
You can chant in happy measure
As they slowly pass along—
Though they may forget the singer,
They will not forget the song.
If you have not gold and silver
Ever ready at command;
If you cannot toward the needy
Reach an ever-helping hand,
You can succor the afflicted,
O’er the erring. you can weep;
With the Savior’s true disciples
You a tireless watch may keep.

If you cannot in the harvest
Garner up the richest sheaves,
Many a grain, both ripe and golden,
Oft the careless reaper leaves;
Go and glean among the briers
- Growing rank against the wall,
For it may be that their shadow
Hides the heaviest wheat of all.

If you cannot in the conflict
Prove yourself a soldier true
If where fire and smoke are thickest
There’s no work for you to do,
When the battlefield is silent,
You can go with careful tread—
You can bear away the wounded,
You can cover up the dead.
Do not, then, stand idly waiting
For some greater work to do;
Fortune is a lazy goddess—
She will never come to you,
Go and toil in any vineyard;
Do not fear to do or dare—
If you want a field of labor
You can find it anywhere.
FEllen M. H. Gates.

CORN BREAD AN OLD TIME FAVORITE

The Government has asked us to eat corn-
bread one day each week and help save the
wheat for the soldiers who are going to flght
for us. It’s a good suggestion, says a Kansas
paper. °

This whole country was pioneered on corn-
bread. The Pilgrim- Fathers almost lived on
it. Corn was the first crop planted in all the
virgin soil as it was settled from the Atlantic
out across the Alleghenies upon the broad

prairies to the Rockies and beyond. Corn

was a crop that would grow even in the un-

cleared forest of the Middle West. The pio-

neers used to deaden the trees by girding

and drop corn in the hills in the unplowed
soil and get a first crop that way.

Sturdy men were reared on cornbread and
venison. But in these days cornbread has
fallen into disuse in the cities partly because
wheat has been so cheap and partly because
women have forgotten how tomake palatable
cornbread.

Let the cookingexperts get busy now and
tell us again how to make cornbread ‘‘like
grandma used to make.”’

WHAT THE FALLING LEAVES TEACH US

There is nothing in the world that so reminds
us that time is fleeting and ourselves going
with it, as the falling leaves. It is really a
solemn time for one to see a leaf fluttering
down through the air to the ground. Itis a
reminder that that is the way we are going—
falling to the ground and soon disappéaring
and forgotten. But the thought shculd be
one of hope rather than of despair, for the
very circumstance should inspire everyone to
live a better and truer life, and make the
world brighter because the leaves fall. The
leaves have done their share in the world’s
work. They have brought beauty to the
woods and fed the fruits and flowers thrcugh
the summer, They have earned their rest,
but they have something else to do, and that
is to make music for the footsteps that move
through them. The music of the deep leaves
of the forest is imitated nowhere else. It
finds expression in no instrument, unless it be
in the heartstrings, where no sound is heard.

DREADED MARSHES OF SIBERIA

The largest extent of marsh land in the
world is to be found in the lowlands which
form part of the steppe of Baraba, between
the rivers Intish and Obi, in Asiatic Russia.

The region is flat and covered with forest,
salt lakes and quivering marshes. extending
over an area which is not less than 100,000
square miles. During the summer dense
clouds of mosquitoes float over the treach-
erous ground. Immense areas of these dread-
ed urmans have never been visited by man.
T e marshes, treacherously concealed un-
der a swaying layer of grassy vegetation,
can only be crossed by means of a kind of
snowshoe in winter except at the peril of
one’s life. ’

It has been found that by feeding silkworms
partly on mulberry leaves and partly onosage
leaves, being extremely caveful with the al-
lowances of the two foods, they can be made
to produce red and blue silk. Colored thread
has been obtained by feeding the worms on
dyed leaves, but this method is not practical
on a commercial scale. The natural color of
raw silk is yellow or white.

Colorado has the highest automcbile road.
