---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_201.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. V1

Philadelphia, December 12, 1917

NO. 49

THE NEW L1GHT

“People nowadays think more about the
look of schoolrooms than they used to. They
know that bright, lofty rooms, light-tinted
 walls with a few pleasant pictures, tastefully
curtained windows letting in plenty of sun,
and some flowers here and there on the tables
and desks, have their effect upon the chil-
dren’s spirits and health and make the teach-
ers’ work easier.

“‘And the prisoner knows that if the same
principle were considered in the fittings of
his cell, the dining room and workshops,
his mental atmosphere would be a good deal
bettered.

‘““Let us go in a little deeper. How are
our minds fitted up? Are the colors blue and
gold,or gray, brown and black? The thing
seems important, for we have to live in our
minds all the time. And our habitual thoughts
getinto a kind of association with our sur-
roundings, sothat when a man gets back to his
cell he finds himself all mixed up again with
the thoughts or moods he has left there in
the air or clinging about the walls.

“Imagination is a great power we use very:
little. Consequently it’s very weak and
needs practising up. Hope is one form of
" imagination getting to work. To hope that
the mind will one day fill up with light, that
the brain and heart will, as it were, get hung
with blue and gold instead of gray and black,
—ig a way of working the imagination. It
would seem that a right sort'of hope #s that
subtle spiritual something that the better
class of old alchemists were speaking of as
the thing competent to alter the ‘lead’ of hu-
man nature into ‘gold.” It is a kind of light
going into our dark places and clearing out
the shadows and glooms. It weakens out
that everlasting I, I, which gives us so much
pain and trouble. It makes uskindlier, more
ready to see good, more tolerant, wishful to
throw out to others the light we have lit up
in ourselves, less selfish, more ready to give
and share. It makes present restrictions
much lighter and life easier. Andit produces
a line of uplifting thoughts which gradually
displace all the old grim, hostile, despairing
thoughts with which we have filled our minds
and darkened the atmosphere of our cells.

This is in line with the New Way.

" LAST QUOTA OF
DRAFTEES CALLED FOR

The local draft boards have received word
from Harrisburg that it is expected they
will send the remainder of their quota of the
first draft to camp within the next ten days.

Information has been asked as to the exact

date when the last of the first draft men
would be sent to camp, and when the first
men of the second draft could be sent, so that
the War Department could make its plans ac-
cordingly. Most of the boards in this city
have sent 85 per cent. of their first quotas to
camp, but a few have sent only 80 per cent.
It is the desire of the War Department to get
the work of the first draft out of the way be-
fore the second draft call is made.

Next Saturday the sending of the new
questionnaires to the registrants not now in
uniform will be begun.

The declaraztion of war upon Austria has

presented many new problems for the draft
boards, and may cause apostponement of the
closing of the first draft if many unnatural-
ized Austrians are found at Camp Meade.

TO BE THE “CLYDE
OF AMERICA”

Philadelphia will soon be the center of the
ship-building industry of the United States,
said Walter Goodenough, general manager of
the American International
Corporation, recently.

agement is now seeking a large number of
men to fill positions at the works.

Mr. Goodenough gave a detailed description
of the work at Hog Island, showing how well
adapted it is to ship-building. He spoke of
the school that is to be opened there next
week, under the direction of the Williamson
Trade School, for the purpose of instructing
men in mechanical work. Concluding his
remarks he said that after the war compar-
isions with shipyards of other countries may
show those of Philadelphia to be the largest
in the world. Let us see that our river is
not termed the ““Clyde of America,’’ but the
“Delware of the United States.”’

And remember that a boost for ships is a
boost for Philadelphia.’’

BROADWAY LINE RUN BY WOMEN

New Yorkers were surprised the other day
when a number of young women made their
first appearance on the Broadway lines as
street railway conductors, filling the vacan-
cies represented by as many blue starson the
service flag of the New York Railway Com-
pany. The young women are in uniformed
blue skirts and rather mannish coats with
caps like those of the men conductors.

Tt is said that most of the women stick to
their jobs after a tryout and the railway
officials consider the innovaticn a success.

“Ship-building -
‘The plant is located
on Hog Island near this city, -and the man-'

RT. REV. BISHOP McCORT

CONFIRMS 45 MEN

On Thanksgiving Day 45 inmates of this
institution received the Holy Sacrament of
Confirmation, the right Rev. Bishop McCort
officiating.

The prison Chapel was beautifully decorated
with an abundance of flowers and palms and
a select musical program was rendered by
the local Catholic choir with orchestra ac-
companiment.

Assisting Bishop McCort with the services
were the Rev. Michael J. O’Shea, S. J., and
Rev. Benedict Guldner, S. J. There was
also present the Rev. Patrick Quill, S. J.,
Rev. Charles E. Bowles, and Rev. H. Borg-
mann, C. S. S., Chaplain Joseph Welch,

- Warden Robt. J. McKenty, and a large num-

ber of visitors. Many members of the So-
ciety for Visiting Catholic Prisoners were on
hand to congratulate the newly made com-
municants of the Church. j

Before confirming the men Bishop McCort
addressed the class as soldiers of the Eternal
King, pointing out the importance of the
sacrament and the need of living upright

‘lives in the future as members of the Holy

Catholiec Church.

KNIGHTS COLLECT FUNDS

The Knights of Columbus drive for funds
for war camp work met with deserved suc-
cess at the mass meeting in the Grand Opera
House on Sunday afternoon.

This endeavor is but one of many efforts
throughout the country to raise the Knights
of Columbus ecamp fund to $5,000,000.

It is expected that a much larger sum will
be required to provide for the comforts and

_assistance of the soldiers.

ROCKEFELLER, FIELD SECRETARY

As field secretary of the local Y. M. C. A.
at Camp Dix near Wrightstown, N. J.,
John D. Rockefeller Jr. made his appearance
recently, and is quartered in an eight
by ten foot pine board room. He has not as
yet announced his opinion of camp life in
general, but he has 0.K’d the soldiers camp
mess.

The biggest telescope in the world is just
being finished at the Mt. Wilson observatory
Pasadena, Cal. It will not make the canals
of Mars visible, it is said, but it will make it
possible to photograph a million or so stars
that were never seen before.

