---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_202.jpg
---
>

THE UMPIRE

eeeeeee————————————————————— e —

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, December 12, 1917.

“To mourn a wmischief that is past and
gomne, 1is the next way to draw mnew mischief

)

on.

JUDGE CRITICISES NEW METHOD

Our esteemed contemporary, the New Era,
published at Leavenworth, Kansas, whose
astute editor is ever on the outlook for
matter that will make for the welfare and
uplift of the imprisoned, quotes a recent
statement coming from Judge Paul J. Me-
Cormick, of California, in regard to the
parole law, and the indeterminate law as ad-
ministered in some states, in which the
Judge says:

- ‘I am in sympathy with the principal of
the indeterminate sentence law, but I am
not at all pleased with its working out in
some states. It leaves the judicial powers
of fixing the extent of the sentence entirely
to the governing authority of the peniten-
tiaries; a body that is in no way answerable
to the people and which too often is selected
on political bases, and has a power which,
under the constitution, should be alone vested
wn the judiciary.

‘It offers opvortunities for favoritism, po-
litical pulls, and devious methods which are
reactionary and not advisable. The control-
ling commissions are not surrounded by the
qualities of a court; there is no necessary
publicity; there is no systematic guidance of
evidence; there is an absence of everything
that makes for justice and right, and a pres-
ence of much that often opens the way for
" much evil.”” :

This keen-minded jurist is well and favor-
ably known on the Pacific coast as a man of
high integrity and humane sentiments, and
an expression such as the above coming from
such an authority will surely receive the at-
tention it justly merits.

APPLES PALLIATE EVIL

An English correspondent relates that a
former governor of Milbank prison said that
he ‘‘always had hope of the final reformation
of a prisoner, no matter how violent or de-
praved he might be, so long as he retained an
appetite for apple pie.”’

Everybody has known for a long time that
apples were good and good for people. What
other morsels of the gods combined so truely
and delicately the zephyrs of June, the gold
of July, the fragrance of summer rains, the
sharpness of early frost, the richness of the
earth and the splendor of the heavens? What
boy was ever worth counting that did not
eat more apples than he ought? And what
man with the epicure’s touch added to his
boyish love, does not at the bottom of his
heart recognize that to put apples between
flaky crusts is to mingle nectar and ambrosia?
Let the frost be never so thick on the pump-
kin and the choppers grind their mincemeat

never so fine—these are for occasions. But
apple pie is for living.
But about apple pie and morals. We think

that’s fairly evident. It’s not a cause, but a
test. What it means is that no man who re-
tains his affection for apple pie has lost his
kinship with human nature. And no man
who still shares common human feelings can
be a monster, or wholly bad and past hope of
saving. To all of which we thoroughly agree.
Now bring on the apple pie.

RETURNS AFTER TWENTY YEARS

Again the old saying that ‘‘truth is strang-
er than fiction’’ comes to mind when we read
the story of John Nelson, who for nearly
twenty years was counted as among the vic-
tims of the battleship Maine which was
blown up in 1898 while at anchor in the har-
bor of Havana, Cuba.

John Nelson enlisted in the United States
Navy at the age of seventeen, before the
Spanish-American war broke out. His family
never heard from him after he left home and
it was taken for granted that he had per-
ished, under an assumed name, when the
Maine went down. While he was mourned
as lost he spent twenty years in thrilling ex-
periences in all parts of the globe.

He served two enlistments in the navy,
later going on a whale hunt in the South
Seas. He became a licensed sea captain and
travelled to all ports. Since 1905 he spent
most of his time in trips around the world.
For several months past he was in Europe
and spent some time in France.

The other day Nelson astounded his broth-
er, William Nelson, of Patterson, N. J.,
when he walked into the latter’s place of
business in that city, and after saluting him
in a familiar way, asked if he had ‘‘forgot-
ten’’ him.

THE UNCONQUERABLE

The battle is not lost so long as you have

a leg to stand on and a gun to fire. Even in
destruction and death the real hero rises un-
conquerable.

Men may take your money from you, de-
prive you of liberty, lock you in prison, tor-
ture you; but they cannot defeat you, even
as naked hands cannot smother the high

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.
e
flame. Fate itself, the plotting stars,
the plan of destiny, cannot overcome you, if
you are of good courage. By and by the
universe retires before the soul that will not
fear.

Whatever theologies say, there is but one
unpardonable sin in nature, it is to be
afraid.

Courage is the primal virtue. It was the
first flower of mastery to bloom in the human
race. It is the universal virtue. There have
been savage tribes who have known not so
much as a name for some of the moral ex-
cellencies of our civilization, there has
never existed a tribe who did not revere
courage.

There are always reasons for giving up.
Arguments for self-pity are thick as black-
berries. '

The world is crowded with thorns and
cruelties, causes for tears. Courage is the
divine unreason; against a rock, the waves of
disaster beat in vain.

Say to yourself: I am the unconquerable. I
shall arrive. In the center of creation sits
not an enemy, but my Friend. I shall arrive,
what time, what circuit first, I ask not. In
some time, His good time, I shall arrive: Let
come what will, I shallnever say I am beaten.
I am not a negligible molecule, a mote in the
sunbeam, a worm; I am a man; and so help
God, I shall play the man.

—Dr. Frank Crane.

WHY IS IT?

Not every young man who has technically
violated a statute is a criminal at heart; yet,
for his infraction of the law in some up-
guarded moment, he must suffer equally
with the one who voluntarily chooses to lead a
life of crime and who delights in it. Should
not there be some other way of dealing with
these unfortunates—not criminals, rather
than sending them to penal institutions,

Many noted criminologists have said that
penal establishments are nothing more than
criminal incubators. Still those who have
merely yielded to temptation in the weakness
of a passing moment and who would have
done better had they had another start, these
are the ones who are sent to mingle with
hardened crooks of all kinds. Why is this?
asks The Index.
