---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_203.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

OLD VIRTUES THAT SHOULD LIVE |

The old-fashioned virtues are not out of
date; they’ll never relapse to abandoned es-
tate. The records will show you that
honesty pays, as much as it didin the halcyon
days, says the Boston Post. Aund industry
brings reputation and seeds, the same as it
did in the time of our dads. Sobriety  helps
us to lay up a wad, the larder to fill when
the wolf isabroad. Thesilver tongued speak-
ers are jaunting around, and filling the air
with a riot of sound, instructing the people
just how they should vote, if they would be
sure of retaining their goat; they’re talking
of creeds and isms and things, and nothing
of value the spell-binder brings. The world
would be better if speakers would boom the
old-fashioned virtues, and keep them in
bloom, and say to the people, ‘“‘Don’t worry,
don’t fret, be honest and sober and keep out
of debt.”” Oh, that is the counsel the plain
people need; it’s better than platitudes going
to seed. The old-fashioned virtues much
sustenance give; when they are adhered to,
they teach us to live; and when we are ready
murmur good-by, they show us how sports-
manlike delegates die.

HOW DO YOU SPEND YOUR TIME

<‘How do you spend your leisure time?”’
_is the question which appears on the appli-
cation blanks for employment in some of the
largest business houses today. To some this
may seem an unnecessary intrusion on the
private life of the individual, but the way in
which a worker utilizes the interval between
50or6P. M. and8or 9 A. M., as well as his
holidays and Sundays, has an important
bearing on hisefficiency. Dull heads and un-
steady hands, which are often the byproducts
of misused leisure hours, are distinet liabil-
ities in any work whether it be mechanically
routine or of the sortthat requires judgment
and adaptability.

GRASSHOPPERS AT SEA

The grasshopper would seem to have noth-
ing in common with the seagull, yet grass-
hoppers have been picked up in swarms at
sea, 1,200 miles from the nearest land.

The African grasshopper, according to the
Popular Science Monthly, has been known to
cross the Red and Mediterranean seas in des-
tructive numbers and even fly to the Canary
Islands. For the most part, these grasshop-
pers are of a migratory species (Schistocera
tartarica) noted for its great flights. The
bodies are about four inches long and are
equipped with large air sacks in addition to
the usual breathing tubes. These sacs buoy
up the insect so that it is able to stay in the
air for days at a time, exerting practically
no effort at all. During flightits speed varies
from3 to 20 miles anhour. When it is tired it
rests on the water and is borne along on the
waves. :

JUST FORGET IT

Forget it, my boy, forget it,
That’s the very best thing you can do;
It will do no good to remember :
Every mean thing that’s said about you.
This life is too short to ‘‘get even’’
For every mean act that you know;
So forget'it, my boy, forget,
Forget it and just let it go.
Forget it, my dear boy, forget it,
For you see every knock is a lie.
Be decent and never repeat,
Just forget it and let it pass by.
You may think that the story is funny,
But to tell it you’ve nothing to gain.
So if it’s a knock, just forget it.
And never repeat it again.
Forget it, my dear boy, forget it,
For knocking’s a mighty poor game,
It never made one fellow happy,
But causes much sorrow and pain.
When you chance to hear some fellow knock-
ing,
If he’s knocking a friend or a foe,
I want to impvess this upon you,
Forget it and just let it go.

Some say that a knock is a boost, boy,
Forget it, for it is not so.

A boost is a boost, and a knock is a knock,
It’s the same wherever you go;

So when you hear somebody knocking,
Let him know his knock is in vain,

And as soon as you hear it, forget it,
And never repeat it again.

Many good men have been ruined,
And many good, pure women, too,

By some knocker starting a rumor
And not a word of it true.

So if you hear some fellow knocking
A man or a woman’s good name,

You can bet it’s a lie, so forget it,
And never repeat it again.

SKYSCRAPERS

There are several ‘‘skyscrapers’ in West-
minster which challenge comparison with the
stately towers of the Houses of Parliament.
The newest tower—that of the Middlesex
Guildhall—is 110 feet in height, or more than
100 feet lower than the dome of the Wesleyan

tentral Hall, the summit of which is 212 feet

above the ground floor. Almost facing these
two buildings the two towers of Westminster
Abbey rise 225 feet, while the great campa-
nile of the Roman Catholic Cathedral, off Vie-
toria street, rears itself 60 feet higher than
the Abbey towers.

The clock tower and the Victoria tower of
the Houses of Parliament, however, are still
easily supreme, the former boasting a height
of 316 feet and the latter—the most stupen-
dous tower, as distinguished from spires in
the world—being 75 feet square, 345 feet
high, or, to the top of the vane, 420 feet, 55
feet higher than the cross which crowns the
dome of St. Paul’s.

Plains.

AN ECHO OF THANKSGIVING DAY

Thanksgiving week was one of the most
pleasant we have had within these walls.
Many thanks to God Almighty for the favors
and blessings bestowed on us in the pastyear,
also to the Warden; to Mr. Rube and wife;
to Miss Elsie; to Mr. Kraupa, and to all who
so generously remembered us and tried to
drive away the gloom and make our lives the
brighter.

Thanksgiving Day was indeed a day of
thanks for all on this block. Frieda, our
cook, prepared us a dandy dinner, and treated
us to ice cream, cake and apples.

B 8233 who left us a short time agoremem-
bered us and sent us candy, cake and pea-
nuts. B 8888 remembers us at least once a
week and we heartily thank her and hope she
will soon obtain her freedom. The Concert
on the Center was enjoyed by all. We cer-
tainly get good music, and our one regret
was that the clock ticked too fast. :

Saturday, Mr. Kraupa and his assistant
were on the job with the pictures. We had
the pleasure of seeing ‘‘Shore Acres,”’ and
we wish there were more like ‘‘Uncle Nat.’’
We also had a Triangle Picture a ‘‘Male
Governess.”” It only proved how love finds a
way. Mrs. Rube again favored us with musiec.
Mr. Rube was also present but kept very
quiet. Our Matron enjoyed the fun. Mother
Barakat was with us in the afternoon.
Thanking all who help us we are the women
of the Second Block.

B 6935.

HISTORIC GUNS

The largest cannon bore recorded is a gun
of 28 inches calibre, at Bejapur, India, dur-
ing the seventeenth century, and known as
“Malick o Meiran’’ signifying ‘‘Lord of the
>’ By some authorities it is said to
have been made of cast iron and by others of
bronze. Cast iron cannon were not made
until the latter half of the fifteenth century.
Previously they were always made of bronze.
As the Bejapur gun was not completed until
nearly two hundred years after the introduc-
tion of cast iron for guns, the question may
be genuinely open to doubt. But be that as
it may, the projectile fired by . the gun
weighed 1,600 pounds, and at the time it
must have been a formidable weapon.

The 111-ton guns of the Bendow, the Brit-
ish battleship built in 1885, used a projectile
of 1,800 pounds, so the Mahrattas, said to be
responsible for the Indian gun, have no cause
to feel ashamed for the capabilities of their
earlier weapon. ' Italy purchased in1884 from
the Krupp firm a 119-ton gun, and the same
firm six years later made a 145-ton gun,
which is at Cronstadt, at the head of the
Gulf of Finland, in Russia.

Norway will establish a museum of the.
whaling industry. -
