---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_204.jpg
---
=

THE UMPIRE

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

At the meeting of the Board of Delegates
on Tuesday, December 4, the following ap-
plications for membership were received and
favorably acted upon. B 8894, 8397 and 8900.
A loan of $5.00 to B 7379 at the Gate was ap-
proved. Receipt of $70.00 from the local
branch of the Red Cross for bead emblems
furnished by the Club was reported. A gift
of $50.00 to the Boy Scout Fund was ap-
proved. Payment of $4.56 to the Central
News Company for periodicals was approv-
ed.

We will say
couldn’t possibly contribute to a worth-
jer cause. Some of us have perhaps dropped
a penny in a collection plate now and again,
and charged it up to life insurance. It is
the best form of life insurance that we gave
to, then. The sum we gave will insure per-
haps a score or more of young lives against
shame and dishonor as we know. It will in-
sure them against reform school, jail and
“pen.”” Why, we’ll bet our next Friday'’s
dinner that it would be harder to find an ex-
Boy Scout in a prison than to find a Republi-
can in Texas: the hardest task we know. The
report of the Treasurer showed a balance of
$105.40 in the Club Treasury, so our gener-
osity didn’t bankrupt us.

The Band had not ceased playing the over-
ture, when Mr. Kraupa and the IHon. Jimmy
arrived with the films, and soon the audience
had forgotten its own troubles in following
the adventures of the characters in a five-
reel feature, ‘‘The Iced Bullet.”” The cen-
tral character was one of the so-called ‘‘scien-
tific’” detectives who so abound in literature,
and the spectators found much of interest in
his work. After four reels of this had been
run off, a halt was called, Miss Russell and
Miss Angellotti having arrived in the interim.

These two ladies braved all the rigors of a
very stormy day that they might help us to
an hours enjoyment. Yes, we agree with
you, all who came Saturday deserve a vote
of thanks. Miss Russell announced that
Miss Angellotti would be unable to play for
us after the 22nd, and suggested that we try
and draft a substitute from among the rank
and file, Well, we feel about as we always
felt when the druggist and the grocer-man
would say ‘‘Here’s somethmg just as good.”’
W2 knew there couldn’t be something
‘‘just as good,”’ but we couldn’t help our-
selves, so we took it, and generally sent
Johnny back with it as soon as we had got-
ten it home and showed it to the wife,

First to appear was Mr. Al Davis, come-
dian,-who sang some comic songs, notably
“In the Morning’’and ‘“Uncle Tom’s Cabin;”’
joked a little; did some very effective clog
dancing, and passed; leaving us much the
merrier for his appearing. The next “‘turn’’
had the audience guessing. Master Jackie

right here that the Club

in his ‘‘make-up’’ looked a very boarding-
school miss; and it wasn’t till the finale,
when the golden curls were rent away, and
he appeared in knickers, that their doubts
were dissolved, and we believe some of them
aren’t convinced yet despite Miss Russell’s
assurance that she had ‘‘slipped one over on
us.”” He closed with singing ‘‘Over There,’’
in propria persona, and was altogether a de-
cided hit. We would be glad to see him
again. The Three Harmony ‘‘Bugs’’ follow-
ed in a mostly singing act, spiced with a line
or two of talk. ‘‘Harbor Lights,’” and ‘“I’m
Going Back to My Old Girl’’ were their best
numbers.

Mr. Edmond Haines, well and truthfully en-
titled ‘“The Nordica of Vaudeville’” made his
third appearance we believe on the localstage
and we positively assure him he can’t come to
often. For him the latch-string is always
out. We are sure Madam Nordica, in her
palmiest days, never looked so distinguished,
or reached nearer Heaven in her high notes.
His closing number ‘‘I Hear You Calling Me”’
quite reconciled us to the fact that we didn’t
get to hear McCormack on Friday night. We
are still more deeply in Mr. Haines debt, by
reason of another delightful fifteen minutes.
Mr. Jack Devlin kept his promise to return,
and repeated his triumph of the previous
Saturday. Reynolds & Francis, a brace of
young gentlemen, one at least postessing a
really fine voice, made fifteen minutes pass
for us very quickly with a singing, dancing,
and talking act, which included some pretty
good ‘‘business.”” Grand & Ketchell, eccen-
tric dancers, then showed us more dancing
‘“‘stunts’’ than the most. of us had dreamed
ever existed. We don’t doubt, could these
gentlemen have danced before Herod, he’d
have given them, not only John Baptist’s
head, but the whole works, Salome and her
mamma included. A cordial invitation to re-
turn is extended to you gentlemen. The
Three Melody Fiends closed the afternoon’s
bill with a singing act, which was very ac-
ceptable to the audience, in particular their
parody on ‘“Then I'll Come Back to You.”
The remaining reel of the picture was then
run off to an exciting and satisfying finisk,
and the members went home (7) to tea feel-
ing that it had, indeed, been a large after-
noon, whatever the promise of the evening.

Next Saturday, December 15th, the Sec-
ond Section will go out as foliows: 7 B, 7 G,
8-B e5s RGN B NG

The following is the Kiddies’ Xmas Fund
Donations collected to date: Dec. 10, 1917.

1st Block, $4.40. 3rd Block, $4.20.
Block, $2.20. 4th Gallery, $2.65.
$5.90. 5th Gallery, $2.25. 6th Block, $4.00.
6th Gallery, $5.35. 7th Block, $13.05. 7th
(rallery, $6.45, 8th Block, $5.25. 9th Block,
$2.85. 10th Block, $3.30. 11th Block, $22.50.
12th Block, $9.90. 12-1st Gallery, $3.25. 12-
2nd Gallery, $1.10. Total. $98.40.

We wish to kindly ask of those whehave not
as yet sent in their donations for the fund to

4th
5th Block,

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 3be  to
$1 50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prlc'e% reas. B 5575, 6 B.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different de_igns.

.See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also

cages. B 7507, 8rd Block.

FOR SALE 12 string mandolin and case in
good order. $6.00. B 3142, 5th Gallery.
FOR SALE —Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, 7th Block. »

FOR SAT.E—Children’s toys. Various kinds
on hand, and made to order. B 3847, 7th B.
FOR SALE—Inlaid and over]aldJewelboxes
B 8156, 6uh Block.

FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block. '

FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in
flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap.
B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block.

FOR SALE—Hand-made lace. Clover leaf
pattern 50¢ a yard and up. At Storehouse
and to order. Made by B 8641, 3rd Block.
PICTURE frames made to order at reason-
able prices. Satisfaction guaranteed B 3079,
1st Block.

TYPEWRITING done at very low rates.
B 8784, 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special desions made to order by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.
WATCHES, clocks, phonographs and other
small menhanlqmq ronalred Conscienticus

workmanship and fair prices. B 7466. 5th Gal. -

FOR SAT.E—Edison phonograph in ocood con-
dition, with 16 records and horn. Going out.
B 7540 6th Gallery. "

FOR SAT,E—Pincushions, echildren’s furni-
ture. ladies work hoxes and jewel hoxes. Al]
kinds of noveltlos for sa1e B 92(‘?, 6th B.

please send it in before the seme closes. We
also wish to thank each and every one fcr
their kind .assistance in raising this fund, for
God loves a Cheerful Giver, as we were child-
ren once upon a time, and oh! how happy
were we to wake up on that cold Xmas morn-
ing to find that Santa Claus had put some-
thing in our stocking.

We are behind these gray walls, but  God
knows we are making some little chlld happy
with out little mite.

—A 8432 Chww"man.

7000 SUBSTITUTES FOR FOOD

German ingenuity is again demonstrated
according to a recent official report issued by
the German War Food Bureau which says
that more than 10,000 substitutes are now
used in Germany. Seven thousand are sub-
stitutes for food. At the beginning of 1917
there were less than 2, 000 substltuteq
which 1200 were food substitutes.

s
S T

of 4
