---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_205.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

VOL. VI

Philadelphia, December 19, 1917

NO. 50

LEARN FROM EVERYONE

““No matter from what source it may
spring, never fail to profit by anything you
can learn,’’ said a prominent man in the busi-
ness world recently.

““If you observe the ordinary day laborer
at his work you can learn to appreciate more
fully how completely brain work outstrips all
other grades. Be a thinker.

“From a mechanic you can note how he
adapts his materials to his needs and finally
succeeds in his object. Be persistent.

“From a newsboy you can see where alert-
ness succeeds. Before completing one sale
he shouts for the next and keeps his eyes
open. Be observing.

“From a co-worker you can see in what
particulars he excels. Note these points.
Emulate him.

“From an unsuccessful merchant in any
line you can mark the characteristics which
tend toward failure and strive to avoid them.
Be on guard.

“«“From the successful concerns in your
neighbochood you can learn to watch their
methods and imitate such as will strengthen
your weaker points. Be wise.

«From the changeable, who is here today
and in another location tomorrow, you can
learn the lesson of the rolling stone. Be re-
liable.

““From the
he often fails without knowing why.
neat. ;

«And so on it goes up and down the scale
of human endeavor.

«‘Recent discoveries in psychology have
taught us that the human mind is a store-
house of the most powerful and subtle
forces, which may be turned to our advan-
tage if we but learn how to use them.”’

“KEEP ON KEEPING ON”

slovenly you can note how
Be

What shall a man do when faith seems
to fail and bhope dies and final
failure seems to soak in like an impene-
trable cloud? Keep straight on. It is the
moment of supreme evil, for, according to
the old fable, the devil’s best weapop is des-
pair.. Itis the supreme test of character,
the moment which shows whether faith has
been a matter of sunshine, of prosperity, of
happiness, or has become an unshakable foun-
dation, on which rest the hopes, the perform-
ances, the strength of a man’ssoul. Has he
the vitality of conviction and the immovable
loyalty to stand when all help seems to fail
him? That hour is the supreme test of the
man. . . .When Cavour, broken-hearted by
£ailure in his ardent dream of a united Italy,

was on the verge of suicide, success was al-
ready in his hands; and it was during that
tragic winter when Washington’s troops, rag-
ged, half-fed, seemed like the ghost of a lost
cause, that a compact and effective army
was created for him. — The Outlook.

50,000 MEN WANTED BY
U.S. SHIPPING BOARD

All men subject to draft may obtain ex-
emption from military service by joining the
50,000 who will be required to man the ves-
sels which the United States Shipping Board
aims to commission before the end of 1918.

This annoucement was made recently by
John Frederick Lewis, of the shipping board’s
recruiting service station, 108 South Fourth
street. Men without seagoing experience
will be accepted.

Two training ships for sea schools have
been commissioned. -~ They are the Calvin
Austin, a fast passenger vessel recently in
service on the New England coast, and the
Minnesota, a large passerger steamship from
the Great Lakes, now in Atlantic waters.
Each ship will have a class of 600 men. As
mariners in pursuit of their calling, they
will be exempt from draft.

THE WAR BALLOON

The usefulness of the ‘‘kite’’ or stationary
balloon is not generally known. One famil-
iar with its employment says that at the bal-
loon schools an applicant for officers’ com-
mission must first qualify as a pilot of spher-
ical balloons. Then they are taught to be-
come pilots and observers in the ‘kite’’ bal-
loons.

This balloon is allowed to ascend toa height
of about 3,000 feet with a wire attached by
which it is drawn down, when desired, by
motorpower.

In war, these balloons are located from
three to five miles from the first line trench-
es, and from the basket, two men, a pilot
and an observer, give the range and results
of firing by telephone to the artillery.

On the western front they are placed from
one-half to one mile apart, according to con-
ditions, and are provided with parachutes
attached to the men in the basket. In event
of accident to the balloon the men parachute
safely to the earth.

Experiments in New York in mounting in-
candescent lamps on railroad crossing signs

have enabled the signs to be read more than-

a mile, and their distinctive form noted much
farther.

WARDS OF COURT TO BE
G1VEN CHRISTMAS CHEER

It is announced that the Municipal Court at
Christmas time will give its 2500 children un-
der probation another evidence that it wants
more to help than to punish them. On Christ-
mas Day, from every nook and corner of the
poorer parts of the city, hundreds of boys
and girls will flock to a Christmas celebration
at St. Vincent’s Home building, Twentieth
and Race streets, now the property of the
Municipal Court. These children have been
in court, but are out under the watchful eyes
of probation officers who will notify all their
little charges to come, have a good time and
get a present. .

In view of the distance which children from
some of the outlying districts, like German-
town and Frankford, would have to travel,
Rice Garland, executive secretary of the
Municipal Court, announced yesterday that
there would be separate celebrations in var-
ious sections of the city under the charge of
local committees. In South Philadelphia a
moving-picture theatre has been promised
for the afternoon, and the children will have
a treat with the ‘‘movies’’ in addition to
their tree.

Joseph Costello is chairman of the enter-
tainment committee, and Miss Margaret
Reynolds, a probation officer, is treasurer.

All the children out on probation are trylng
to keep the straight and narrow path, and
many of them would be forgotten at Christ-
mas time but for the efforts of the Munici-
pal Court. There is also to be a celebration
at the House of Detention under the direc-
tion of Henry Richardson, superintendent.

TO UTILIZE PRISON LABOR

Senator Hoke Smith has introduced a Sen-
ate bill aimed at the removal of present re-
strictions on Government purchase of goods
made by prisoners. The passage of this bill
would open a way for the utilization of priscn
labor in the making of munitions and other
war supplies says the Evening Telegraph.

It is impossible to find any valid reason
against putting the thousands of men in the
prisons of this country at work for the win-
ning of the war. Here is an unanswerable
case for labor conscription. The nation needs
labor. It needs the help of every available,
ablebodied man in or out of prison. Con-
script the prisoner and put him to work.

Labor camps, where few guards would be
required, might be established. The main
thing is to make the prisoner count for vic-
tory and to end a great waste of urgently
needed labor.
