---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_206.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

9 :
—_—_—

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned. )

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.
Philadelphia, December 19, 1917.

““Most people expect too much from God for
the little investment they make.”’

COURAGE AND FAITH WILL WIN

Some one has said that ‘‘there are hearts
that bend but do not break.’”’

No doubt of that. There are natures so
cheerful, so optimistic, that even though ad-
versity meets them early on the way their
serenity is not greatly disturbed and they
face about ready to make a new start with a
song of cheer in the heart.

An excellent example of this cheery dispo-
sition is recalled to mind in the person of a
well known character who may be found on
the daily round of his activities in the busi-
ness section of a great city. His bent, bowed
figure bespeaks the sad fact that fate has
not delt kindly with him, and he is crippled
in such a way that his movements are slow.
His clothing, though neatly kept, plainly in-
dicate the added pinch of poverty. In fact
he is the physical embodiment of hard luck,
and his appearance appeals to one’s smypathy.

And yet, this sorry figure of a man goes
on his painful way with unbroken cheer. He
is ever humming or whistling some lively
tune. As you pass him you may hear frag-
ments of the grand operas or the familiar
notes of an old song. And as he hums or
whistles his eyes brighten and he seems to
radiate good cheer. If you glance at his
face you forget the misshapen body and note
mainly the wholesome soul it depicts. Con-
verse with him and this impression is confirm-
ed. And as he says, ‘‘he holds no grudge
with unkind fate.”” He works when he can,
and he really does what he has in hand in g
very thorough manner.

In the doing, it may be noted. there is no
work of dissatisfaction. He is no noisy ‘‘in-
dustrial worker,’” complaining against every-
thing in the universe. And a quality that
endears him to many 1s his apparent grati-
tude for favors, though he is never obse-
quious.

From a man acquainted with his past life,
it is learned that this unfortunate caricature
of hardy manhood was once a stalwart and
prosperous merchant in a distant city. He
had all that a loving husband and kind father

could wish; a wife he deeply loved, and a
daughter that was the delight of his heart.
His business was prosperous and he was rated
well in the community.

One night fire broke out in his home and
before water could be turned on the burning
mass, his home was in ruins, and this man
was buried in the debris. When extracted
he was but the battered form of a man, and
what he enduredno tongue or pencan describe,

The charred remains of his wife and daugh-
ter were afterwards found in the ruins of
his home, and the flames had also destroyed
the entire stock of his business leaving no-
thing but bare walls standing.

On recovering from the frightful burns and
bruises this man left the city of his sorrows
‘‘so as to forget’’ as he says. Now he may
be found almost any day in the streets of a
nearby city, whistling or humming as he
stumps along.

With the evidence of such a cheery soul
before us there is little excuse for any -man
to sit around and bewail his fate. There is
always room in the world for a man who has
the conrage to face his misfortunes, come
what may.

' Courage and a stout heart will always win
out if we add the faith that removes moun-
tains. :

SUCCESS MEASURED BY SERVICE

‘““Today it is becoming a more established
fact that man can only live in measure as he
serves. And he canonly serve successfully
in measure as he esteems others greater
than himself. 3 ’

‘‘Humanity is beginning to comprehend
the seriousness of the truth, although it is
slow in accepting its doctrines. The spirit
of selfishness and greed, has, through ecus-
tom and practice of a money-mad populace,
so intrenched itself in the hearts of men
everywhere, that it is rather difficult of
quick eradication.”’ '

* k £ *k sk

‘‘Service to mankind has been neglected,”’
says the editor of the New Era.

““The popularity of Lincoln was not acci-
dental. At all times he was wanted because
he could always render a service. Service
was uppermost in his mind during the coun-
try’s dark days. And it should be upper-
most in the minds of all individuals during
our present dark days.

“Lincoln worked patiently, keeping near
him men who opposed him, men who sought
to thwart him at every turn. He turned
aside from the courses which he himself
would have liked to follow, because in turn-
ing he saw the best chance to serve.

~ ““Lincoln’s life of service should prove an
inspiration to every one of us.

*‘If we should live wisely and serve others
successfully, we must discover a wisdom
that is wiser than our own, and a strength
which is greater than we possess. If our
energies are not to be wasted drawing a

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

M
knotless thread through the rustly garments

of time, but to be used in constructive en-
deavor to improve the conditions humanity
has drifted into, we must, individually and
collectively, pay more attention .to the prin-
ciples of the Golden Rule.”’

FLASHES OF TRUTH

In a speculative essay an English philoso-
pher suggests that the complexity and mag-
nitude of affairs have far outstripped the
power of the human mind to grasp their
meaning and control their destiny. Propor-
tionately the human mind has grown smaller
and the world of events and movements has
grown larger, and today we are struggling
with problems too big for us.

There is an element of truth in this
thought. Few individuals, says the Evening
Telegraph, have not at times felt the impulse
of despair in the effort to interpret the news
of the war. The war is on such a mammoth
scale that we cannot see it in its entirety.

But idleness and inaction of mind and body
are utterly foreign to human nature, and we
struggle on according to our lights.

None of us knows the futuve. If it is dark
and mysterious we dare not take our chances
snoozing idly. We must do what we can to
make ourselves safe, and perform some serv-
ice for civilization. Flashes of truth illu-
mine our immediate tasks. From across the
Atlantic gleam the rockets signaling the call
for help. An American officer in France
sends a message:

““For God’s sake keep up your work with the
American people! This war is not won yet,
neither is its winning a foregone conclusion
or any reasonable certainty. The United
States can bring the decision if it will act
with a vigor and determination and resource-
fulness of which its people are individually
capable. but there is not an hour to be lost,
and indecision or muddling may be fatal. ’’

Not all knowledge is our province, but our
utmost effort is our duty, where the light
shines clear amid the surrounding darkness.

Efforts are being made in China to improve
the native tobacco by planting seed from the
United States and teaching tetter methods
of cultivation.
