---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_207.jpg
---
THE UGMPIRE

“MARSH RABBIT” THE LATEST

It is announced in a recent publication that
there recently appeared in the Washington,
New York and Boston markets many barrels
of plump little animals, all dressed and
skinned, which were sold as ‘‘marsh rab-
bits.”’ :

It appears that for several weeks the good
people bought these animals, cooked them ac-
cording to the special directions and served
them at family and party dinners as ‘‘rab-
bits’’—not realizing tkat this food was really
something vastly diffierent from that of the
ordinary rabbit.

Now comes the statement that the ‘‘marsh
rabbit’’ was nothing less than the muskrat.

All of which goes to show that even now
the American people are not averse to being
fooled. In fact, they like it. Barnum’s
statement holds true and it did when he dis-
played a sand-papered elephant as ‘“‘the only
sacred white elephant in captivity.”’

We sometimes think that this is becoming
a ‘“‘marsh rabbit age.”’

ABOUT CHAMOIS

The encyclopedia informsus that *‘the cham-
ois was a goatlike antelope with small horns
inhabiting the Pyrenees, Alps, Carpathians,
Caucasus and the mountains of western Asia.’’
There was a time when his hide was used to
make ‘‘shammy’’ skins, but the chamois is
virtually extinct, so now practically all cham-
ois skins are all sheepskin or part sheep-
skin. When the skinis split so as to make two
skins, the flesh half is used tomake ‘‘chamois.””’

The making of so-called ‘‘chamois skins’’
is a rather interesting operation. Alcng the
south shore of Long Island, beyond Islip, you
are apt to be assailed, if the wind is from the
south, by an odor which reminds you ¢f “‘cham-
ois. It is not the odor of the skin, how-
ever, but the pungent ‘‘smell’”” from a fish
oil factory where tons of menhaden are boiled
for the oil the fish contains.

" All sheepskinsused in the making of ‘‘cham-
0i3”’ leathar are treated with nothing but
this oil. The skins are immersed in vats of
the oil and are permitted to remain there for
a month or more. They are wrung out and
hung up to dry, turning meanwhile a yellow
color.

1f a white or cream shade is desired the
skins are bleached in the sun after they have
been washed in clean water and beaten with

a club.

2

COINING 2,000,000 PENNIES DAILY

Two million brand-new Lincoln pennies are
being turned out each day at the United
States Mint, 16th and Spring Garden streets,
this city, to relieve the present shortage.

Adam Joyce, superintendent of the Mint,
said recently: ‘“We are working twenty-
four hours each day here and seven days a
week in ovder to meet the demand.

THE GREAT HIGHWAY

As I came down the great highway
The river hills were bright with dew,
And where the hill trees lined the way
The morning light was streaming through
I do not know if you have felt
The thrill of beauty when the day
Is breaking through the river mists
So softly delicate and gray—
But God was in His Heaven then,
As I came down the great highway.
Within a day so many pass
Upon that wide and brimming road,
But do they all, I wonder, know
That beauty there-has her abode?
Do their hearts, too, make tender songs
For beauty of the summer day—
For willows mirrored in the stream,
And great green hills in their array?
I wondered while my own heart sang,
As I came down the great highway.

The great highway is there for all
To travel as their fancies choose—
The great boats welcome and the small,
Alike for all their gallant crews.
Within a day so many pass,
But do their fancies ever play,
As children might, in that broad road,
Delightfully? I cannot say.
I only know my own heart sang
As I came down the great highway.
— Unknown.

MUST WORK OR JOIN ARMY

Work six days a week and support the
family, or join the army.

Such was the ultimatum delivered by Penn-
sylvania’s committee of public safety, which
has recommended that a minor, exempted
because of his occupation, who worked only
four days a week, be made eligible for draft
service again. His exemption has been with-
drawn, and in a statement issued recently by
the committee it is said that this action has
had a salutary effect on several other cases.

The man was granted exemption because of
his plea of ‘‘married responsibilities, '’ sup-
plemented by an occupational claim. Then he
refused to work more than four days a week,
and after warning defied the committee.

WAR WORK FOR PRISONERS

Again the report is current that plans to
take convicts from prisons and put them to
work to aid the Government in the prosecu-
tion of the war areto be worked outat a confer-
ence of prison experts in Washington in the
near future.

The foregoing was announced here by Wiil-
iam H. Wadhams, Court of General Sessions.

It is to be hoped that something will be
done to make use of the large number of men
now in idleness in many of the penal insti-
tutions throughout the country. Such a step
would benefit both the Nation and the men
doing time.

NOW FOR RUBBER EYES

A trade journal announces a new use for
rubber as one of the numerous results of the
war. It declares that eyes are now being
made of rubber.

Glass eyes are always more or less uncom-
fortable, and frequently unsightly, and it is
interesting, therefore when the deformities
of war are so serious a subject of consider-
ation, to learn that two French workers,
Mme. Lemaitre and Teuillieres, have evolved
an entirely new method of replacing a lost
eye. By the use of a combination of a hard
and soft rubber substance they have achieved
their aim and are producing an eye that looks
well and feels well.

BIRDS THAT CARRY THEIR YOUNG

It is said that the woodcock has beenknown
to carry away her young when threatened
with danger. She places them on her spread
feet, pressing them between the toes and the
breast. A naturalist says many woodcocks
also carry their young down to marshy feed-
ing grounds in the evening returning
before dawn. In fact, they have no
means of feeding their young except by
carrying them to their food, for they cannot
convey their food to them.

s DESCENDANTS OF MUTINEERS

A Sidney, Australia, correspondent says
that Norfolk Island, which is peopled by the
descendants of the mutineers of the British
ship Bounty, English sailors who married
Tahtian women and fled with them to escape
British justiceafter theseizure of the Bounty,
has just furnished several more recruits for
the Australian forces. At least four Nor-
folk Islanders who are direct descendants of
the Bounty’s mutineers have been killed in
action.

OUR FIRST COINS

The first coins really deserving the name
of United States coinage were struck off as
‘‘pattern pieces’’ by Benjamin Dudley at the
instigation of Robert Morris and were laid
before congress in 1783 as specimens of what
the coinage should be. They were a ‘“mark”’
and a ‘‘quint’’ and are. thus described: The
‘‘mark’’—observe, an eye, the center of a
glory, thirteen points cross equidistant a cir-
cle of as many stars. The ‘‘quint’’ is similar
in design, the value on reverse being noted.

OUR NATIONAL BIRD

Our national bird, the bald eagle, wild in
its native haunts, is so large, so majestic,
and flies with an evidence of so enormous
strength, that one is impressed with the
thought that here is the king of birds. On
one occasion while eating my lunch in the
shade of a little bush on a Southern prairie,
I saw one carry off a lamb, writes T. Gilbert
Pearson of the Audubon society.
