---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_208.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

At the Delegates Meeting on Tuesday,
December 11, the following made application
for membership in the Club, and were ac-
cepted, B 8883, 8893, 8898, 8902, 8903, 8906,
8907, 8891 and 8896, who each contributed 10¢
to the Club’s treasury. Wewarmly welcome
the above numbered gentlemen to our midst,
and hope that they will keep comstantly in
mind the Club’s motto. Hope: that it’s all
for the best; and that some day, when we’ve
done our little “*bit,”” and learned our little
lesson, we’ll settle down, and stop trying to
be a ‘‘devil’’ in somebody else’s home—or
town: Faith: that things can’t be as bad as
they seem; and that we’re not licked yet,
even though the Referee has counted ‘‘ten,’’
or maybe, ‘‘twenty’’ on us: Charity: for all,
even on Fridays. Financial transactions of
the week were the loan of $5.00 to B &646 to
relieve him of an embarrassing situation;
and the gift of the same sum to B 6157;
lately in charge of the Club’s Circulating Li-
brary, on his leaving; for good and efficient
service. The sum of $6.00 was received dur-
ing the week from the 2nd Block, being its
contribution to the Kiddies’ Xmas Furd. So
generous a gift places it fifth on the .ist,
and tendg to give two-thirds of the Blocks,
and Galleries the appearance of beirg Locals
of the Tight-Wads Union. But 'twas ever
thus, the Woman Pays.

ENTERTAINMENT

The starting of Saturday’s entertairn ent
was somehwat delayed owing to the difficult
experience of our outside friends in getting
here, due to bad weather conditions. The
Professor and his gallant band worked hard
to fill in; and to the delay was due the dis-
covery of a hitherto undiscovered musical
genius, in the person of our versatile Vice-
President, who led the band thrcugh a musi-
cal number with such dash and verve, as to
leave theimn far behindhim at the finish by the
most reliable count of no less than five up-
and-down strokes, and three complete circles
of the baton. There is a rumor, as yet un-
confirmed, that he is considering an offer
from Sousa. In the absence of Mr. Kraupa,
and Miss Angellotti, the servicesof * Jimmy”’
B 7251, the local ‘‘Music Master’’ was secur-
ed, and the first act of the vaudeville pre-
sented in the person of ““The Great Maivino,”’
now retired, but still possessed of all his for-
mer skill of jugglery. He told some very
good stories, related a buriesque history of
his life, and gave a demonstration of his de-
fiance of all the laws of gravitation. He was
given a fine reception, and carried with him
on his leaving the best wishes of all.

Cadet & Vaupt, armed with violin and ac-
cordion, foillowed and showed a fine mastery
of their respective instruments. For a brief
space we thought that it was Kreisler &
Pietro in disguise, they so filled the air with

melody; and certainly if there is a Lost Chord
—which we sometimes doubt, for we believe
we’ve heard every chord there is in musie,
and some whiech aren’t, sounded here at
night—they found it. The Songland Trio
succeeded, and both literally and figuratively
made the audience ‘‘sit up.’”” Three more
charming little maids couldn’t be found this
side of —Bustleton, and their singing made
us believe there were fairies elsewhere than
in Ireland. ‘‘The Long, Long Trail,”’ ‘“When
the Mission Bells are Ringing’’ and ‘‘Good-
bye Broadway, Hello France,”” were loudly
applauded by the appreciative audience, and
we are sure we speak for all in tendering
them the heartiest of invitations to return.

Reynolds & Francis, who ‘‘made good’’ on
the previous Saturday, re-appeared with
some new jokes and songs: notably ‘‘I may
be Gone for-a Long, Long Time,’”” which re-
minded some of the audience of the fact that
they might be here for a long, long time and
quite a few handkerchiefs were dampened.
What greater tribute to his artistry could a
singer ask? It doesn’t need much to make
a man laugh, the veriest fool can accomplish
as much with ease, but it requires an artist
to bring tears. ‘‘Miss’’ Jackie, ‘‘The Cam-
ouflage Kid”’—readers wishing to learn the
correct pronunciation of ‘‘camouflage’ are
referred to the Information Bureau which
will be temporarily re-opened for the pur-
pose—came back, and repeated hissuccess of
the former Saturday. Here’s a suggestion
to Washington: why not send ‘‘Miss’’ Jackie
to France, and have him teach his art to our
“‘Sammees,”” who disguised as chorus-girls
could probably sing-and-dance their way to
Berlin before the Boche could penetrate their
disguise. I doubt if the Head of the Ger-
man Secret Service could have penetrated
““Miss’’ Jackie’s disguise on Saturday, it was
so letter perfect. We don’t ask a cent for
the above idea, but like a pure minded pa-
triot present it freely to the Government.
The Broadway Dancers accepted our invita-
tion to return, anddid as good work as before.

We are not sure who invented eccentric
dancing, whether it was the Vernon Castles,
or'the famous ‘‘hen-on-a-hot-griddle,’”’ but
whoever it may have been,they must grant
that these gentlemen have improved upon
the patent.

The vaudeville brought to a happy conclu-
sion, Mr. Kraupa, and the Hon. Jimmy
proceeded to do their part in the providing
us with an afternoon’s enjoyment. A two
reel Drama, entitled ‘‘Tricked’’ was first
presented. The booth in its new position in
the back of the Hall made a new and strong-
er Jens necessary, and unfortunately the one
secured didn’t quite measure up to the task,
even with the booth moved up as far as the
connections would permit; so that the picture
was a bit faint at times, but we hope tohave
this condition remedied before next Satur-
day. The Show closed with a riotously fun-
ny Farce, entitled ‘‘A Feathered Nest’’ a

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad’’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 85¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. *¥

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead
necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.

HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs.
See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; also
cages. B 7507, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE 12 string mandolin and case in
good order. $6.00. B 3142, 5th Gallery.
FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reason-
able. B 6523, 7th Block.

FOR SALE—Children’s toys. Various kinds
on hand, and made to order. B 3847, 7th B.

POLISHING done. Tables and jewel boxes
estimates cheerfully given. B 8156 6 Block.

FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any de-
sign made to order by expert bead worker.
B 5958, 10th Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in
flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap.
B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block.

FOR SALE—Hand-made lace. Clover leaf
pattern 50¢ a yard and up. At Storehouse
and to order. Made by B 8641, 3rd Block.

PICTURE frames made to order at reason-
able prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B 3079,
1st Block.

TYPEWRITING done at very low rates.
B 8784, 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs
on hand. Special designs made to order by
expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block.

WATCHES, clocks, phonographs and other
small mechanisms repaired. Conscientious
workmanship and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal.

FOR SALE—Edison phonograph in good con-
dition, with 16 records and horn. Going out.
B 7540 6th Gallery.

FOR SALE—Pincushions, children’s furni-
ture, ladies work boxes and jewel boxes. All
kinds of novelties for sale. B 8203, 6th -B.

FOR SALE—$13.00’s worth of steam engi-
neer hand books in good condition. Will sell
cheap. B 6450, 1st Block.

FOR SALE—Necktie knitting machine, all
eonplete with accessories. Will instruet
pnrchaser to operate. B 6727, 12th Block.

T —
story of bucolic misadventure, with Louise
Fazenda in the stellar role. It was produc-
tive of a rich harvest of laughs, and caused
everybody to go heme in high good humor.

Next Saturday, December 22, the First
Section will be out, as follows: 12—2G, 10B,
1B, 11B, 8B, 9B, 6B, 6G, 12—1G, 12B.

Donations for Kiddies’ Xmas Fund for the
week ending December 15, 1917.

R 5579, 8141, $1.00. B 6935, 60¢. B 5625,
8114, 8642, 8584, 8510, 50¢. B 8696, 45¢.
B 8528, 35¢. B 7471, 30c. B 8597, 8286, 8511,
8504, 8280, 8888, 8666, 25c. B 8654, 20c.
B 8435, 15¢. B 8795, 6257, 7984, 10c. B 8209,
8661, 5c. Miss Trayer, T5c.

