---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_209.jpg
---
G &

Be born anew, dear Lord, be born again,

Unto the hunger of the sons of men!

Whose famine 1s too bitter to be fed

By any lower food than sacred bread.

We thirst for hope and, tasting, drink 1t not.
We choke for joy denied a barren lot.

We starve for love and, starving, throw the dice
That may, or may not, pay love’s precious price.
Our trembling hands, infirm, have lost the wit
To grasp Thy holy cup. Lord, give us 1t!

Fill it with strength despaired of by the weak.

Be born again, dear Christ!

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, December 25, 1917

Christmas R OR
#e Born Again

By ELIZABETH STUART PHELPS

Fill it with brimming rest the weary seek.
Out of the chalice let the lonely drink.
Restrain the wild soul crouching on the brink
Of shameful purposes, that no man knows.
Watch, Thou, the desert where the desperate goes!
Unto white hearts give purity anew;

And to the false the power to be true.

Grant to the mourning, all uncomforted,

The conscious coming of their dearest dead.
Guve to the friendless, shrinking and apart
The happy throbbing of the Christmas heart.

be born again,

Unto. the knowledge of the sons of men.

Be born into the gen le heart that brings

Its best, its strongest to the weakest things.
Be born into the finest tenderness

That will not burden, where it cannot bless;
Be born in the divinest power to feel,

That never hur.s the nerve it cannot heal.

A Symhnl of the Sun

U HE balsam fir is almost known botanically

as the '‘Christmas tree,” for when the

carefully recording scientist states that
the balsam fir grows to a height of fifty or sixty
feet, that its wood is used for the manufacture
of boxes, that its bark furnishes the balsam used
in medicine and art, that its leaves are gathered
for fragrant pillows, they must also say ‘‘it is
the Christmas tree of commerce.”” The ancient
Teutons used to celebrate the winter season by
decking a little fir tree in bits of tinsel, flowers,
toys, ornaments of various kinds, for to them it
was a symbol of the glorious sun which they
worshiped. The symmetrical spreading and
raying of the branches of the fir reminded them
of the sun that rose higher and higher in the

heavens.

0 n All

Che ﬁrinrtp&l Festinal

was celebrated as the principle festival

of the year, the Anglo-Saxon forefathers
delighting in the festivities of the holy month,
as they called the month of December. At
these times the Anglo-Saxon and afterward the
Danish kings of England lived in state and were
surrounded with all the great men of their
kingdom, who were sumptuously entertained.
There was al-o an outflow of generous hospital-
ity toward the poor. During the reign of Alfred
the Great a law was passed with relation to hol-
idays by virtue of which the twelve days after
the Nativity were set apart for the celebration
of the Christmas festival. It is said that but
for Alfred’s strict observance of the “full twelve
holy days’’ he would not have been defeated.

| QIHRISTMAS in olden days in England

- NO. 51

