---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_210.jpg
---
2
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected ar-
ticles will not be returned. :

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

writer’s number. ‘
The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as

may appear on this page.
B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, December 25, 1917.

e ————————————————
“It 1s only by helping others that we can
get needed help for ourselves.’’

To our friends and readers both within and
without the grey walls THE UMPIRE extends

its best wishes for a Merry Christmas and a

Prosperous and Happy New Year. —Editor.

THE SOURCE OF CHRISTMAS CHEER

The return of the Christmas season serves
to remind us of the growing need of a more
continuous state of happiness of the kind
which tradition has associated with this sea-
son. For as we grow older, we realize this
need not less than the lost opportunities for
happiness which have been associated with
the busier side of life.

It is true that there is a time for work and
a time for play. There is also a time for
joy and a time for spiritual reflection, and it
is meet that we should so adjust our lives
that each mood could have its proportionate
shave, that a well ordered whole would follow
as the result.

Unfortunately the trend of affairs in modern
life is lacking in the essentials that produce
happiness, and to many life becomesa burden
of cares and troubles that canker the heart
and rob us of the peace and joy of life that
is our inherent right.

There is no royal read to relief from a life
that has lost its savor. We must rest a
while and build anew, so that the sunlight of
love—God’s love—will penetrate the darkened
corners of the temple and beautify the whole.

It is well worth giving time to do. But no
man can become transformed in his sleep;
‘‘and to fulfil the condition required demands
a certain amount of prayer and meditation
and time, just as an improvement in any di-
rection, bodily or mental, requires care and
preparation.’’ The souls growth is slow.

If we look back upon the past life it will be
seen that ‘‘the moments that stand out, the
moments when we have really lived, are the

moments when we have done things in a

spirit of love.”’ .

A spirit of love. That is the true Christ-
mas cheer. Without that quality everything
else is a mere sham, and is vain. Every-
thing ‘else in our lives is fleeting. ‘‘All other
good is visonary. But the acts of love, they
never fail.”’

THE UMPIRE
A Tegemd O Christmas

In sword and sash and scarlet coat
Upon a Christmas day,

Through frosty woods and hoary field
A soldier rode away.

She watched him through the faliing snow,
A young and lovely maid

In milky pearls and flowing robes
Of velvet green arrayed.

With rumors of the distant wars
The months went slowly by

Till once again the Christmas bells
Were pealing to the sky,

And, walking in the lonely wood,
A bush the maiden found

- With thorns as sharp as little swords

And scarlet berries crowned.

She leaned against an ancient oak
And wove a wreath to wear
Of scarlet berries, bright and gay,
And set it on her hair.
And, lo, the pearls upon her breast
Were changed to berries, too,
And, rooted to the oak, a branch
Of mistletoe she grew,
When sweet and clear the Christmas bells
Ring out o’er vale and hill
The maiden-mistletoe is seen
In pearls and velvet still,
And with her in the revels ruled
By musie, mirth and folly,
In sword and scarlet still arrayed,
Behold the soldier-holly!
— Minna Irving.

THE ANCIENT MISTLETOE

It is said that the cutting of mistletoe was
a very important ceremony among the an-
cient Druids. Five days after the new moon
they went in stately procession to the forest
and raised an alter of grass beneath the
finest mistletoe-bearing oak they could find:
the arch-Druid ascended the oak and with a
golden knife removed the sacred parasite,
the inferior priest stood beneath and caught
the plant upon a white cloth, for if a portion
of it but touched the ground (Loki’s empire)
it was an omen of misfortune to the land.
The mistletoe was distributed among the
people on the first day of the new year. As
it was supposed to possess the mystic virtue
of giving fertility and a power to preserve
from poison, the ceremony of kissing under
the mistletoe may have some reference to
this orignail belief! writes, Henry Collins
Welsh. Now, the mistletoe was dedicated
to Freya so long as it did not touch earth,
and so it is always hung from the ceilings
of houses; it is curious to note that it is still
considered very unlucky if the mistletoe is
dropped or placed upon the ground, which
superstition is evidently a relic of the Scan-
dinavian legend.

But, setting aside Druidical and pagan
practices, let us see what part the mistletoe
played in mediaeval times. - It seems pretty

;

well established that it once had a place
among the evergreen employed in the Christ-
mas decoration of churches, but it was sub-
sequently excluded. Home states thatit was
banished together with kissing in the church,
which practice had established itself at a cer-
tain time of the service. Brand, however,
asserts that the mistletoe never entered into
sacred edifices except by mistake, and assigns
it a place in the kitchen, where *‘it was hung
up in great state, with its white berries, and
whatever female chanced to stand under it
the young man present either had a right or
claimed one, of saluting her and of plucking
off a berry at each kiss.”” Nares makes it
ominous for the maid not so saluted, and
says: ‘‘The custom longest preserved was
the hanging up of a bush of mistletoe in the
kitchen or servants’ hall, with the charm
attached to it that the maid who was not
kissed under it ‘at Christmas would not be
married in that year.’’

“Horget It
“FForgine and forget,” is a mottn
By which it is goodly to line.
It first we hut did the forgetting,
No need mould there be to furgine.

THE ACTORS’ CHRISTMAS

The troupe had been playing in hard luck.
Fifty dollars, $65, now and then $100, were
the nightly receipts, hardly enocugh to pay for
the railroad ‘‘jumps’’ let alone pay salaries.
There was just enough money in the treasury
to get to Wayville on Christmas night. Ii
was one of those ‘‘East Lynne’’ ‘‘the child
is with its mother in London’’ pieces, and
when the company straggled into the town
at midday the local theater manager was at
the station to be sure they had the eight
actors.

The players wandered about the town during
the day. The curtain went up on $24.75,
most of it in the gallery. Some of the $24 75
went out at the end of the second act and
didn’t come back. When the final curtain
came down a weary crowd scattered to the
chill dressing rooms, wondering if the hotel
proprietor would stop them at the station
next morning.

This speculation was at its height when the
theatre manager of the town appeared, his
arms filled with bundles, and dumped them
into the arms of the youngest member of the
troupe. ;

‘‘Say,’” he blustered, apparently a little
ashamed of what he was going to say ‘‘you
people are having rotten luck, ain’t you?
[’'m all alone up at my house. Come up and
have supper with me, will you? And, say,
I’ve had a bit of luck this year, and I'll stake
you to the nights receipts. And those things
I gave the the kid, they— well, they once
belonged to a kid of mine,”’

And he went out.

One of the women started to ery—

That’s where the story ends.
