---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_211.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

At The Crossing

By A. H. C.

The morning court had opened and several
prisoners discharged. The judge began to
fear permament softening of the heart and
therefore took grim satisfaction when the
name Timothy McMenamin, was called and
there shambled into the dock a chronic of-
fender whose appearance left no remote pos-
sibility of the further painful exercise of dis-
cretionary powers.

Qilence reigned while his Honor scanned
the card. From highway robbery and safe-
cracking the record of Timothy ran the entire
gamut of inspiring action, and by some sub-
tle mental telepahy the crowd knew that he
had indeed been a man of parts. The Judge
read aloud from the indictment, to which
Timothy had sullenly pleaded ‘‘Guilty.”’

«Soliciting alms upon the public thorough-
~ fare and vagrancy.’”’

Then fraught with deep agrieve, his ‘“Why
—Timothy!”’ caught the levity of the crowded
court room.

The Judge pursed pondering lips. Then a
playful thought was his.

¢‘Are you represented by counsel, Timo-
thy?”’

Timothy was not.

“«“Mr. Wallace!”’

If a room may be said to gasp, that court
room gasped. .

" The rubber rattle of the impromptu assign-
ment, usually thrown the teething tyro, given
to the very leader of the bar!

His Honor was indeed facetious.
 Wallace, engaged in an undertone confab
with a court clerk, looked up, converted the
instinctive gesture of impatience into one of
good-natured acquiscence and stepped for-
ward.

The Judge assumed due solemnity.

«Mr. Wallace, we have here a knight er-
rant of most distinguished parts. He has so-
journed in many public institutions. A most
cosmopolitan citizen and of unquestioned so-
cial standing; having met some of the best
wardens in the country. Some twenty years
ago he committed a little indiscretion up in
Montour County, dwelling there subsequently
for a period of six months. That being your
own native heath, Mr. Wallace, would it not
be chivalric and neighborly on your part to
volunteer your professional services!”’ -

The crowd enjoyed the speech and scene.
In all his years at the bar no one had ever
seen Wallace nonplussed. Now his Honor
had succeeded in ‘‘putting one over’’ on him.
His ““Certainly, your Honor’’ was but insti~ct-
tive. Of the purport of a possible plea Wal-
lace had no remote idea. So he turned and
indulged in a critically professicnally survey
of his client.

As he took in the sullen figure, unshaven,
unkemptand hard, the forbidding aspectrair'l-
fully accentuated by the deepened lines inhis
face—what came over the attorney? Mas-

terful and adroit though he was, it certainly
seemed that Wallace—William K. Wallace—
trembled through an acute second of actual
stage fright, the horrible unnerved instant

-when the mind gropes and finds no substance

of thought. Yes, his Honor had scored.

Then, himself again, he addressed the
Court. Quietly, almost conversationally and
entirely away from the subject at hand;
but this was Wallace, and no one stayed
him. ‘

““I was born in Centre County, your Honor,
not Montour, but so close to the county line
that your Honor’s impression is to all intents
and purposes correct. So close, in fact, that
right down the driveway, scarcely a hundred
yards away, one could step into Montour
County by crossing the railroad tracks, for
they were the county line at that corner.

““We lived there contentedly, your Honor;
a good father, a sainted mother, myself a
grown boy and—and a baby sister
She had come late Perhaps that’s
one reason we made so much of her. Just
turned two she was, and a little bundle of
winsomeness She gathered  to her-
self all the glinting morning sunlight of the
mountain tops.’’

People stirred restlessly, This wasnotlike
Wallace. True, he sometimes indulged in
sentiment before a jury and ofttimes moved
tbe sturdy yeomanry to free some red-handed
rascal regardless of the facts. But to pa-
rade his own early rural days and his little
sister—well, it only indicated that he was
sore pressed.

““Through that valley the magnificent Blue
Diamond Express went thundering by, bear-
ing its burden of the prosperous and contend-
ed. But thenthere were other trains,
the long slow freights that wended their way
laden, down the valley. They too carried,
passengers on the couplings
cramped up underneath . or smuggled
into the corner of a box-car. These were of
the underworld—the discontented and disin-
herited. The tramp, the outcast
perchance the criminal, making his getaway
from city to city.”’

He glanced keenly, quickly, his client
was beginning to emerge from stolid indiffer-
ence.

““The Jones Crossing, as they called it, was
not so well guarded twenty years ago asnow,
your Honor. And one day this little two-
year-old took it into her little baby head to
roam. Perhaps childish fancy paints the
wild flowers on a distant hill brighter; per-
haps some errant butterfly winged itsrandom
way,across the tracks—who knows?

“At all events, the wanderlust seized her
tiny feet and she had come just so near Mon-
tour County that she had but to cross the far
track to have completely changed jurisdiction.
And there she stocd, for a big slow-moving
train of empties occupied that track. Puz-
zled? Perhaps, a little; but still it was a
matter of no moment. Neither,

your Honor, was the big, thundering Blue
Diamond. Why should it be? There existed
in all this world no such thing as either evil
or fear. "And as she waited, trans-
fixed only by wonderment as the monster
thing bore down on her. I’'m aware
your Honor, that in every well-appointed
melodrama the hero always appears at the
proper instant. But in real life
sometimes—well, we have tried cases in
our courts, the purpose of which was to de-
termine the dol.ar value of that for which
there can be no recompense—a baby life
crushed out.”’

He paused for an impressive second.

“‘And this was my baby sister.

““Oh, yes, they saw her when less
than two bhundred feet away. Along that
straightaway the Montour Valley Railroad
Company, in its corporate wisdom, shot its
Blue Diamond seventy miles an hour. The
engineer was the best man on the line—and
he fainted dead away. He had a baby of his

own. Instinct made him throw on the brakes
: as well a childfs bucket of sand on
the tracks! Down, down, it came,

shrieking, crashing, pounding and swirling
from side to side; belching its hell of destruc-
tion and rasping its million sparks as the
brakes half gripped. Only one small
mercy vouchsafed by its awful might and
momentum—instant death!”’

Dramatically Wallace passed his hand over
his forehead. The Judge had done the same.
So well had he played upon their emotions
that he sensed to perfection the proper pause
duration. :

‘““No, your Honor,”’ he said quietly, ‘‘she"

did not die. This little story of real life fol-
lowed the conventional. Sometimes
God is as good as the dramatist. They told

us the meagre details. He didn’t; he had a
pressing engagement and slipped away, re-
suming, I suppose, his ‘reservations’ on his
Blue Diamond. He wasn’t very pre-
possessing, anyway, from all accounts. Any
ten-twenty-thirty dramatist cculd have given
us a more presentable, better manicured
hero.’”’

Wallace sauntered a little.

“This object that tumbled from a box-car,
sprawled, picked himself vp and then jumped
like a cat, was, as a matter of fact, anobody,
an outcast, a crook—"’’

Casually, it seemed, his hand rested on the
bowed shoulder of the broken old man.

‘‘Justanold yeggman, making his way —’

He got no further. The court room was in
an uproar and unrestrained applause ran its
riotous course. There was none to check it.

His Honor, savagely surreptitiovs with
his handkerchief, finally took command of
himself and the situaticn.

““Mr. Wallace, the Court requires no argu-
ment in this case. We will accept the guar-
antee of future good conduct which ycu were
about to offer, and, if necessary, underwrite
it ourselves. Sentence suspended!’”’

b
