---
title: umpire
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1917_212.jpg
---
ﬂ.ﬁnnnr Olluh N IIIPE

, i The annual election of ofﬁmals of the H. F. C. was held
% Tuesday, December 18. It was marked by the most perfect

harmony, and an entire absence of steam;roller methods.
The Hon. Reuben C. McKenty was re-elected President of
there being no local prejudice

3

the Club by acclamation,

5 against a succession of ‘‘cups of coftee,”” and even should
' such exist, the voice of a mighty need; the splendid record
of service in the three years since the Clubs inception would

@

be warrant enough for our action. We know well the gen-

"THE UMPIRE

e e

Treasury. The expenditures of the week were the re-fund
to the President of $1.00 for taxi hired to bring Mr. Kraupa
and assistant to the firing-line on Saturday; $5.00 paid to
B 5845 for making white caps for Officers and Delegates;
this fully covered by subscription of the parties benefiting; oe
the payment of $5.00 to B 7784 for inlaid box for presenta-
tion purposes; and a re-fund of $1.10 te the Institution.
Saturday’s entertzinment was worthy of the approaching
Holiday Week, with its stirring music, a lenghty bill of
really first-class acts, and a couple of very good pictures.
The opening picture was a multiple-reel Drama, builded
from a blending of John Hays’ famous ballads, ‘‘Jim Blud-

&’. tlemans modesty; how sedulously he : so,”” and ‘‘Little Breeches.’”” It was
§r  seeks to avoid the garish light that ©2000000EEEEE0000EEEEEEVOOOOO® ;tensely interesting; without a dull
perforce beats about the throne, else i moment, and the audience liked it

we would unleash our trusty typewriter h 3+ well.
9’0 and in gusty periods that would startle (]I rtﬁtmaﬁ Eag Moore and Mack, Irish Comedians,
Broadway tell of all that he has done P x opened the battle with a rapid fire of
ﬁ P ‘!E*PI‘[‘[ZPE Jjokes, and such like airy persiflage, and
Breathes there a man, both here, or in a brace of minutes had the justly
’ fled, s celebrated ‘‘Prison Blues’’ on the run,

Who never to himself hath said,
“I'd get a job could I see Rube.
If there is nothing vacant, he

®n Tenter

and nobody got a chance to do a thing
but laugh for the ensuing fifteen min-
utes. Mr. Walter Lawser, singer fol-

Will make a new job, just for me, ani Wl U lowed, and was a decided success. He
I'll sure get out when I see Rube.”’ @hapel was a whole ‘“‘Glee Club’’ in himself,
Seriously we are happy in having him and left the audience wondering how he
consent to guide the destinies of the g:.om AL M. figh Mass did it. The Standard Musical Four show-
Club for yet another year. To help us ® ed themselves real ‘‘bear cats’’ with
- : . e nw Center
in our difficult task of cultivating a the saxaphone: we would never have
spirit of helpfulness and good-will be- 2.0 J. Al Band Concert believed, until these gentlemen proved
tween two naturally antagonistic bodies; it to us, that such a remarkablelooking
to have him help us strengthen by mu- 2 IRA R instrument could have such harmony
tual sympathy and trust, the leaven of concealed within its vitals.
good that is working—though some ftngl‘am The remaining acts were all ‘‘re-

times deeply hidden—in the whole of
us. To work with us and to hasten the
coming of that brighter and better day
when prisons, as such, shall have ceased
to be; and in their place shall be the
Disciplinary School: the Man-Factory,
that shall make the erooked mind
straight; that shall teach the slave of

Entry March Reo B. G. McFall
‘“America’’
1. Adesta Fidelas
Sacred March
2. LightCavalry F. V. Suppe
3. Longing for Home J. Hartman

M. Beyer

turns,’’ and lack of space will prevent
any extended mention. Little Miss
Adeline Bendon, in response to an ur-
gentrequest, made a third appearance,
and delighted everybody with her sing-
ing of “‘O Johnnie,’” and other songs.
After that exhibition we’ll even believe
a Scotch bag-pipe can be musical. We 3
extend to them, and to the three pre-

his passions the self-control that is a
requisite of real manhood; that shall
train the ignorant mind, and the help-
less hand, and fit them for useful serv-
ice. For the born criminal does not
exist, there is a cure for all, and some
day it will be recognized. It isto such
end that our President is working, and
we know that he is in the fight to stay.

A 8432, who reminds us so much of
Tennyson’s ‘‘Brook’’—‘‘For men may
come, and men may go, but I stay on

;® 2> o

Mmstrel Band
Exit March

@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

Vice-President. B 8266 was again chosen Secretary, and
B 7983, a faithful Watch-Dog of the Treasury, whose hon-
est bark has so often frightened off would be raiders of our
frugal stores, was once more persuaded to accept the re-
sponsible post of Treasurer, and responding voice in a choked
with emotion, spoke feelingly of the trust bestowed,
and generously waived all present and future claims against
the Club, for services rendered.

The following applicants for membership in the Club
were accepted: B 8305-25¢; B 89-17-10¢, B 8910-10¢, B 8918,
B 8919, B 8920, B 8915, B 8911, B 8909, B 8895. The Treas-
urer’s Report showed a Balance of $124,20 in the Club’s

}
:

IR~ I

4. Madam Sherry
Interminsion

Fantasia from Faust
Begger Student M. C. Meyrelles
Knockout Drops
Hippodrome March J. P. Sousa
F. H. Klickman
J. W. Chataway
A.F. WIEGANDT, Conductor

forever,”” was unanimously re-elected ........‘..............C...‘.‘. vaudeville a halt was called,

K. Hoschna ceding gentlemen, the heartiest of
invitations to return, and give the Sec-
ond Section a chance. .Grand and
Ketchell, “‘of Broadway Christian
Street,”” as Miss Russell announced
them, were back with some new dance-
steps they had discovered, or invented
during the week. The Songland Trio
were as charming as before; especially
in their singing of the ‘‘Long, Long
Trail.”” . At the conclusion of the
and our
President, Mr. R. C. McKenty, summcning Miss Russell to
the stage, presented her in the name of the Club, with a
Loving Cup, and ‘‘contents,’”’ said ‘‘contents’’ being a
sealed envelope with a ‘‘surprise’’ therein. Miss Angel-
lotti was presented with an inlaid box, and Mr. Lraupa, the
next ‘‘vietim,’’ was also presented with a Loving Cup.

The entertainment came to a close with a very funny pic-
ture entilted The Perils of the Park, and the audience filed ®e
out with the feelmg of having spent a very profitable af- -.
ternoon.

Next Saturday, December 29, the Section Section will be
out as follows: 3B, 5B, 5G, 4B, 4G, 7B, 7G., B 8266,

- Gounod

A. Gumble

.@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

HRA\ Y 3 RIS 8
