---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7542
issue: 3
volume: 1
year: 1917
month: 1
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Honor Club NotesWith no thought of the morrow and firmly optimistic with their maxim, ''The evils of the day are sufficient thereof," (and the same for the pleasures) eight hundred members of the Honor and Friendship Club foll in orderly line behind their respective delegates, and cheerful as their condition would admit, marched to the amusement hall. Again did Professor Wiegandt exert himself to his very utmost. Again did the H. F. C. orchestra respond, and again was the step of the march taken up by the members. The ''step lively, please," from the delegates or "be seated, please,'' was met with a good-humored compliance, and the audience was quickly seated and an expectant thrill was in the air.The Vice-President (A 8432) gave an address of welcome, referring to the blocks coming out at 12:30 P. M., owing to there being a big holiday shew. The show opened with a song, "On the Old DominioP. Line," with slides kindly loaned by the Remick Slide Company. Again the chorus was flashed on the screen, and every one "made good" with the melody. The mighty chorus of eight hundred voices was vibrant and impiring, and Professor Wiegandt became enthused and had it repeated.Mr. Kraupa gave us his return Christmas present. He can't be expected to go from man to man and say here's a twenty-dollar piece, so he bunched all his presents in a''movie spree,'' and no one could possibly say aught but ''Merry Christmas; Happy NewYear."Just think, William S. Hart in a Trianglephotoplay, "Between Men," "Fatty" Arbuckle in "Fatty's Fickle Fall," and Charlie Chaplin in "Dough and Dynamite." Can you beat that feast of films anywhere? Will S. Hart is always good, and "Between Men" is among his best plays. In the most interesting scent>, the show was pleasantly interrupted by the entrance of one of the honorary members, Rev. Joseph Welch, Chaplainof the E. S. P. He was received with a burst of applause that showed how the hearts( Continued on page 4.) (Continued from page 1.)of the members were with him. The members are 路encouraged by his presence and hope to see him often in the future.When the last scene in "Between Men" was shown the audience was deeply impressed. One scene, wherein a railroad train was depicted bearing down on the audience, several heads were seen to "duck," and some one called "she's gone," and sure enough there "she" was disappearing in the distance. Good !The vaudeville opened with a clever dancing turn by Austin and Carvin. This team is clever and painstaking; not a point in the dancing art gets away from them. Their movements are timed to the instant, and their efforts were applauded to the echo. Three encores they received, and even then they had to submit to two curtain -calls. The boys don't often see such work as this. Thanks, Austin and Carvin.The Ross musical act was good. His jokes were new and good, his comedy was clean and striking, while the musical part of his act was loudly applauded. Two encores and a curtain-call fell to Mr. Ross, and our thanks are his.Sadie O'Neil, the Kensington Irish comedienne, gave us the limit of her time. She was booked for a performance at 3 P. M., but could not deny Miss Mae Russell. She sang three songs to the encores, and she was finally permitted to leave the stage amidst a burst of applause. Thanks, Miss O ' Neil.Ethel Earl Carvin, thecame next on the program.character sketch artist of ability, and she gave the "boys" her best. She was warmly received, and we hope to have her again. She was given hearty applause. Thanks, Miss Carvin.''The Bald wins" gave their classy turn. This t e am is in the premier class. The lady is a clean-cut classy artist. Her exhibition is perfect, and her manner while on the stage is sweet and demure. She wins your attention and holds your interest, but she would be lost without her partner. He supports her, to bring the best out of her. They are fine, very fine, and should have success wherever they go. Thanks, "The Bald wins."There have been many performers with us, and each to their several parts were fine, but the Rador-Bertran team surpasses anythingbat we have had in their line. The lady did t 1ree changes of costume, and her part in each costume was perfect; but the man- l1e1is s~re-enou~h sup_p e. A one-handed handspri~g was pie to him; fr~nt or back it makes no difference. He used his feet to take his hat off and his toe to scratch his ear. Whenburlesque queen, Miss Carvinisa he looks at you, you could not tell if lie was looking before or behind. If every bone in his body was put together it would not make a poodle dog growl. They brought down the house. Thanks, Rador and Bertran.Miss Mae Russell, of the Kline Booking Company, made an address from the stage, thanking the members for her Christmas gift. She said, "I appreciate your gift more than all other presents I have received, and as long as I am either in the business (theatrical) or have any influence the members of the H. F. C. will get their show." Her whole heart was in her words when she said, ''God bless you, one and all!" There's no use in talking, Miss Russell "is there!" She was to bring Mlle. Fi-Fi but could not connect. When she (Fi-Fi) comes, look for a good live-wire act.Mr. Kraupa then appeared on the stage, with a sheet of music in his hand, but instead of singing he thanked the Club for its gift and brought word from Mr. Swaab, our last elected honorary member, thanking us for honoring him, and wishing the Club a Happy New Year. Mr. Swaab donated the picture machine to the Club. Some friend, eh? Happy New Year, Mr. Swaab.Jimmy, "The Man in the Box," said, in a stage whisper, "We have a 'Charlie Chaplin' and 'Fatty Arbuckle.' Which would you rather have?" Pete (A 8432) answered in Irish, "Yes"; so Mr. Kraupa gave us both, and the discussion is on as to which is the funniest. One fellow bet a mince pie against a Dutch cake. Who will decide? Speak, Irish? "Yes." At any rate we were satisfied, and with a holiday feeling the holiday crowd went home 1:?),and this ended the last show of the year-a year of achievement for the H. F. C., 路 of which each member of the H. F. C. may well feel proud, On January 4th, 19t7, it will be two years since the Club was organized, and the officers propose to celebrate this, the second anniversary. With this in view the request is herein made to the charter members to give their numbers to their respective delegates, that due honor can be paid them in the celebration. Please be punctual in giving the numbers. 路Every seat in the visitors' row was occupied by bright sweet-faced 路 ladies, and their presence gave a tone to the assembly. The Warden was present, and when asked if he had anything to say to the members he said ''Yes, just ask that fellow who sat with the6th Gallery 'if he thinks that was the right thing to do, that's all. If he is the man I think he is, he will feel ashamed of himselfand not repeat it." You know who he means. Excepting that, everything passed off O.K., and the Warden enjoyed himself seeing the members' enjoyment. Mrs. (Warden) McKenty, with the Warden's sister, Miss McKenty, gave us their presence, as did Mrs. R. C. (President) McKenty. Miss Jennie Davy, with her lady friend, sat with Bill, and we noted Robert, Jr., in the hall , an interested spectator.We are always pleased to say, "Sam was on the job.'' When Professor Wiegandt raises his baton our pianist (B 6252) first directs his eyes toward the drum. If Sam is there it's all right. The music proceeds .Miss Mae Russell has become interested in a t;::ieatri cal "babe," The Vaudeville Times, a new publication. Mr. B. H. Cross is the publisher, and Miss Russell will write some interesting articles relating to "The Stage as I Knew It, and Know It." There is no doubt as to the success of the venture.Mr. Dipple reported that he had many men reporting to him, on parole, all doing wen ar.d "getting on."When Herbert Kraupa kicks over the traces, Mr. Kraupa just says, ''All right; you can't go out to the H. F. C. on Saturday. That's all. Herbert becomes good right away. That's goin' some. Bein' good to get on ''the Hill''!Miss Russell was introduced to B 6765 the member who made the medal the Club' presented to Miss Russell on Christmas. He was complimented on his workmanship by Miss Russell and was pleased with her appreciation.The officers propose to make the second anniversary a memorable occasion, and every effort will be given to make it a success. Let each member give his whole interest and the spirit of the occasion will shine f~rth. The 6th and 13th are the anniversary dates.December 6th the 4B, 7G, 7 B, 3B, 5G, 5 B, 4 G. .Rep. Dels. B 7664, 7387.-B7542
