---
title: The “Sick” Man
author: B-8162
issue: 3
volume: 1
year: 1917
month: 1
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
The “Sick” Man   Apropos the latest “discovery" of criminologists and psychologists that. the criminal is merely mentally sick, and acting on the supposition by the putting him through a psychological "thir•i degree" to test the theory, perhaps a few words from a patient would not be amiss.   Taking into consideration the various factors which contribute to a criminal tendency in people, the gentlemen are correct in their hypotheses to only a very small extent. But the diagnosis of the ailment by no means gets to the root of the trouble, and consequently the remedy, if there is one, can hardly do more than benefit the individual rather than the the mass who suffer from it. If the man with a crooked brain has an operation performed to cure him of his criminal tendencies, surely it is a great step in the right direction.   But, on the other hand, if he is a victim of economic conditions, of vicious and abnormal social conditions, and of heredity, what form of treatment must he receive to be cured and restored to that status in life called Respectable?   Crime, vice, and disease will decrease but slowly unless a sudden revolution of existing conditions occur, and then only will the world at large come to a realization that the so-called "sick" man was merely a figment of the imagination. Society in its attitude and treatment of its members fallen from grace, shows more visible and actual signs of sickness and decay, than those whom it designates as unclean, or for lack of a better word, the criminal.   It is an inexorable law of nature that that which fails to grow, stagnates and soon dies. The evolution of man through the thousands of years of his existence point to the inevitable but gradual elimination of vice and crime, otherwise the latter would become rampant and mark the beginning of the end for a stagnant, pe~ishin ,g hum<cnity.   By sending the unfortunates to prison, society is taking a middle course which leads nowhere. If the offender is to be regarded as one sick, why send him or her to the cemetery? And that is exactly what a prison is -the burial ground of hope, ambition and happiness, and the birthplace of wickedness and iniquity. As long as they are conducted along present lines, as places of punishment instead of institutions of education and enlightenment, so long will the criminal population continue to spread and flourish under the gregarious and bigoted policy now in force.   To the normal eye it seems as if prison and capital punishment is a deterrent to crime. To those who have used a magnifying-glass   in the shape of a term or several terms of inc1.rcen.tion, i3 given a close-up view of the medieval and iniquitous process that reigns supreme.   Let our theorists and so-called psychologists and other ologists begin at the bottom and root· out the evils attendant on poor wages, a grafting and money-loving political system and the high cost of the necessaries of life. In other words, wipe out the present economic system, with its immense powers for good or evil lying in the hands of a chosen few, and the social and political aspects will adjust themselves accordingly. Until that time comes the criminal and penological problem will remain a great one. B 8162.      
