---
title: Rock Me to Sleep
author: Akers, Elizabeth
issue: 3
volume: 1
year: 1917
month: 1
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Rock Me to Sleep      By Elizabeth Akers   n Backward, turn backward, O time in your flight   Make me a child again just for tonight!    Mother, come back from that echoless shore Take me again to your heart as of yore;   Kiss from my forehead the furrow of care Smooth the few silver threads out of my hair;   Over my slumbers your loving watch keep;-Rock me to sleep, mother, rock me to sleep! t   Backward, flow backward, oh, tide of the   years!   I am so weary of toil and of tears, -   Toil without recompense, tears all in vain,-   Take them, and give me my childhood again. m   1 have grown weary of dust and decay, -   Weary of flinging my soul wealth away;   Weary of sowing for others to reap; -   Rock me to sleep, mother, rock me to sleep!    Tired of the hollow, the base, the untrue, Mother, O mother, my heart calls for you! Many a summer the grass has grown green, Blossomed and faded, our faces between:   Yet with strong yearning and passionate pain   Long I tonight for your presence again.   Come from the silence so long and so deep;-Rock me to sleep, mother, rock me to sleep!   Over my heart, in the days that are flown, No love like mother-love ever has shown;   No other worship abides and endures, -Faithful, unselfish, and patient like yours: None like a mother can charm away pain From the sick soul and world-weary brain. Slumbers soft calms o'er. my heavy lids   creep;   Rock me to sleep, mother, rock me to sleep!   Come, let your brown hair; just lighted with gold,   Fall on your shoulders again as of old;   Let it drop over my forehead tonight,   Shading my faint eyes away from the light; For with its sunny-P.dged shadows once more   Happily will throng the sweet visions of yore; Lovingly, softly, its bright billows sweep;-Rock me to sleep, mother, rock me to sleep!   ·Mother, dear mother, the years have been d long   Since I last listened to your lullaby song: Sing, then, and unto my soul it shall seem a The swift-fleeting years have been only a   dream.   Clasped to your heart in a loving embrace,   With your light lashes just sweeping-my   face,   Never hereafter to wake or to weep;-   Rock me to sleep, mother, rock me to sleep!   Printed by special request.




