---
title: New Penitentiary Inmates Enjoy Minstrel Show
author: Unknown
issue: 17
volume: 1
year: 1917
month: 3
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
New Penitentiary Inmates Enjoy Minstrel Show   Many E.S.P. men will be pleased to learn that the inmates of Rock View penitentiary enjoyed a good minstrel show on New Year's night, and according to a correspondent of e Center county, who was present on the occasion, "it was a success in every way." He further states that a temporary stage was erected in an unfinished building that is to be used as one of the dining halls, and that there were real footlights, sic:e-lights, wingf'1, fiies and drops, especially painted by a scenic artist for the occasion.   Over five hundred inmates, overseers, officials and visitors were present in the improvised playhouse, when the show opened, with the Rock View orchestra playing a "Rock View Symphony," composed by a member of the R. V. band. The stage setting had all the appearance of the "real thing" as the curtain rolled up on the opening scene, which depicted a court scene about to open with a   case up for trial: All manner of misdemeanants were listed on the docket, and the judge, district attorney, court officers 2nd culprits were all well suited to their parts, with the ambulance chasing lawyer, who defended everything in sight 1 as the star performer. He filled his part to perfection, and many wondered that such a versatile artist ever drifted into Rock View.   A large sign was conspicuously displayed, admonishing those present and having business with the court, ''not to spit on the floor, but to use their pockets instead." 'Ibe real "hit" of the performance was when the judge quashed an indictment against a culprit for stealing a case of beer with only nine bottles in the box, as His Honor declared, it was   ''clearly :;i, case of non composment is for the alienist," that "no sane man would steal nine bottles of beer, when a full case of two dozen was to be had for the taking."   A farce entitled "On the Border" followed, with much real comedy in it, the climax being reached when "Sambo" dug up the "Dead Man of Mexico,'' Villa, and smote him real hard, "without the aid of machine guns or a hundred thousand strong and noble defenders of the Nation." The entertainment was   concluded with a number of well rendered popular songs and clever dancing by the colored contingent, the versatility of which would have passed credit to professionals. In all, ''a good show well done'' by inmate talent evincing considerable ability to amuse and entertain. Hearty applause resounded through the building as the performance ended at eight o'clock, and the men marched out to quarters.   Written up and printed by special request. -EDITOR.   


