---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7542
issue: 17
volume: 1
year: 1917
month: 3
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Honor Club Notes The Second Anniversary celebration was continued Saturday last for the benefit of the Second ' Section. Everything parned off according to schedule and the unanimous approval of each member and visitor was given to the entertainment and conduct of the audience. There is no question but what the H. F. C. is taking its place in the feature news throughout the land, and to use President R. C. McKenty 's words, ''Is here to stay.''To celebrate the occasion the Second Section formed in line promptly at 12:30 noon, and marshalled by the Vice President (A 8432), and with the full brass band of fifty-two pieces, under the able leadership of Director of Music Professor Wiegandt the line of march was formed, a quickstep march was sounded, and with the precision of regular army soldiers, "each Block, carefully guided by the Delegate, in column of fours, head erect, shoulders well back, the men took up the step, There were men in that line, good men, who may yet be heard from in the affairs of the world outside. Each one can look back on the day of the celebration of the Second Anniversary of the H. F. C. with satisfaction. As they passed the Store-House in review the Warden reviewed them, surrounded by a body of men who in the outer world are known as men of affairs. One gentleman was heard to observe, ''By Jove! those fellows look fit to go to war." "Yes," was the reply, "and could do some fighting too.''When they swung around the walk at the fountain the line broke in twos, keeping up the march around the triangle, then up the steps into the amusement hall.Professor Wiegandt had the H. F. C. orchestra ready and playing a processional march, and with a laughing reply to ''step lively, please," the audience was soon :seated. The Vice-President (A 8432) gave the address of welcome, and then sprung a surprise, ''Is President R. C. McKenty in the hall?" Answering this call the President came to the stage with a "What do you want with me?'' look on his face. There and then the Vice-President presented him with a medal, handsomely engraved, a facsimile ofthe H.F.C. button. A complete surprise, but the President was equal to the occasion and made an impromptu address that fitted well the occasion, extending his thanks and pledging his future interest in the H.F.C. Then he introduced the organizer of the Club (B 5888), giving him full credit for the birth of the H.F.C. and stating that too(Continued on page 4.)much credit could not be given B 5888 for the present condition of the Club. B 5888 modestly accepted these words of praise, and replied in remarks that were aptly fitting, that were received 'by the audience with hearty applause, which continued even after the organizer had become seated.There are no words that will express to Mr. Kraupa the heartfelt appreciation of the members of the H. F. C. for his efforts in their behalf. He knows though, so we can safely leave it to him. He gave us William S. Hart in "The Primal Lure," on the film. "The Man in the Box" and "Doc Bird" having nothing to argue about, the picture was a success.Again we had the pleasure of noting the presence of the Chaplain, Rev. Joseph Welch and again did the audience greet his appearance with applause. We appreciate his interest. May he be with us long years and enjoy each performance.The finish of the film was impressive and beautiful, and the audience applauded long and loud.The vaudeville this week was of the I X L brand and served to show just the kind of artists the Kline Booking Agency handles. No wonder that Miss Mae Russell has no fear of strikes, White Rats, and other troubles of the Theater Trust. Her treatment of her talent is the best, and she demands the best in return. Then when she has something very, very good she thinks of the H. F. C. and just can't help from passing the good things fo UL Some friend is that Miss Mae Russell lady, and every H. F. C. hat comes off to her. Yes, and stays off if she says so. Miss Russell reports that her child, The Vaudeville Times, is growing real big.The curtain-raiser was "Danny and the Stalder Twins,'' a comedy dancing turn combined with a musical number. This act was brisk and good. From beginning 'to finish the applause was continuous. The singing was fine, the dancing splendid, while the music on the mandolin and ukalalis was fitting and good. "Danny and the Stalder Twins" are a fine trio.Frances Girard, comedienne, played a difficult role with success. In the opening her part was a "Suffragette monologue." Her quips and jokes were sharp pointed, but the audience was with her, and the point of her remark was no sooner spoken than the audience ''caught on,'' and one storm of applause followed the other.On encore she essayed her master role of prima donna. From comedy to grand ' opera with no change of costume, except the removal of a hat, is a most difficult feat at any time, yet Miss Girard's versatility was such that the audience was attentive and appreciative and gave her full merit for her splendid singing, in the applause. Three encores and a curtain-call were well earned.The ''Aleva Duo'' was next, and was the  neatest, clas'3iest act to be seen on any stage. The singing? Splendid. The tone from start to finish was high cl~ss bnd excellent. Or,e is necessary to make the other effective. Their costumes were splendid, and when they sang "The Miserari" "en duo'路 it was beyond description, and the applause was thunder.The sweet good-fellowship of the lady member was shown by her continued response to the applause.Miss Mae Russell finally took her off. Silence became immediate. 路 Miss Russell then said, "The applause was very gratifying, but there is a big show and little time, so the members must be satisfied.'' She then introduced Mlle. Petite Elba, the world's greatest child actress.Then came the , sweetest, dearest, cutest little Miss that has graced any stage, asking no favors for her nine or ten years, but wilh singing, dancing, and impersonations that stood strictly on their merits.Her sweet, shy manner in "What's the use of being good when no one's around to care?" Then her monologue impersonation of a country child's trip to the city with "Pa." Then an impersonation of Harry Lauder; his favorite song "It's nice to get up in the morning, but it's better to lie in bed.'.' Then the last, and some say the best, was her perfect impersonation of Charlie Chaplin. His eve1y eccentricity was duplicated, and the audience went wild. She touched the hearts of the members so that each one felt a tug at his heart to give her some testimonial there and then. The officers came together and decided that an inlaid box would be fitting and appropriate. No sooner said than done. A messenger was sent out to buy or.e, and directly after the last picture was shown President R. C. McKenty requested the little lady to come on the stage, and presented her with a beautiful inlaid box rr,ade by a member of the H. F. C. and having 1578 different pieces of wood, lined with blue plush, a jewel tray, and a mirror in the lid to behold her pretty face reflected. As a further testimonial, Mlle. Petite Elba was made a member of the Honor and Friendship Club, the President placing the Club button on her breast.When she came fro~ the stage she was filled with curiosity to learn the contents of the parcel, and 路when the wrapper was removed her child-like remark was, ' ' 0-o-o-o! Ain't it pretty."During her dance she leaned toward the pianist (B 6252) saying, ''Did you ever take a dose of castor oil?" "No Ma'm," sa.id Charlie, glancing at Sam who broke a smile while Charlie blushed. "Well, you didn't miss much." Charlie blushed, Sam hit the drum, and the audience applauded.Mlle. Petite Elba has played to the filmwith Lubin and the Vitag:raph. She has been the success of many cities, but it is impossible for her efforts to be appreciated more thanthey are by the H.F.C.Mr. Kraupa gave us Floyd Sterling in "The  Hunt . " Funny? Well, can any one look at Floyd Sterling without laughing? Leave it to Mr. Kraupa to give us the best.The Warden was not present in the hall, but was on the reviewing-stand. His presence is always desired; a friendly touch goes with it.We had many sweet-faced young ladies in the visitors' row.Mrs. (President) R. C. McKenty and Miss Elsie gave us their presence.Miss Jennie Davy and her lady friend were under the escort of Bill. Sam's eyes were directed in that direction at times.Mrs. Keane, a lady who has made this old place a little brighter by her kind interest in some of the members, and a devout and earnest communicant of the Episcopal service, very kindly gave her countenance to the entertainment. She n.ppe~red well content with the conduct of everything. Mr. Dipple, a smile on his kindly face, beamed on the boys, happy in their enjoyment. Mr. Harrison Webber, me of Re2ding's pcrr irEnt citizens, was a pleased spectator. The quality of the performance surprised him.Harry Bodkin, the Bertillon expert at Philadelphia City Hall, who many of the members has met, was an interested spectator. We were happy to see Mr. Dutton and sorry to have him miss any of the entertainment. Come again . Why not have the Overseers 路who are off duty on Saturday afternoon pay the Club a visit in a body as the guests and friends of the H. F. C.? Accept this invitation and come as soon a1 you can.And now the Club has stnted on its third year. Let each member put his shoulder to the wheel and boost.1st Section, Jan., 20, 1917, 7 B, 7&, 5G:, 5B, 3 B, 4 G, 4 B.-B 7542.
