---
title: A Short Life, But Merry
author: B-8162
issue: 17
volume: 1
year: 1917
month: 3
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
 Man's span of life, according to the Bible, is three score years and ten, and in Biblical times it was not uncommon for people to outlive that period by many years. But the modern tendency of cramming two days into one has every effect of shortening this estimate to about half.   The gaining of knowledge is now a matter of cramming into a few short years, that which formerly took years and years of study. Commerce is transacted with no speed limit exactions; people become millionaires over night; distances between places are gapped by swift trains, automobiles, ocean liners, and aeroplanes. ·The tremendous pace of modern thought, action, and recreation, is exhilarating, and people become infected by its atmosphere. They become high-strung, nervous, restless; unsatisfied   with the petty restrictions they turn to anything that will supply them with a new sensation. Strange gods and false ideals predominate, and amongst them ''the short life but a merry one" has more devotees than an unthinking observer would think possible.   "A short life but a merry one!" what a cruel, wicked fallacy of devilish conception-   a motto of unperceived sorrow, anguish and punishment which must eventually overtake all those to whom it seems axiomatic of all that life should contain. They awaken finally to a realization of its insidious phraseology, ambiguous in meaning, and in reality a hideous phantasma, the performance of which results only in misery, torture, a mental and physical paralysis and then-total oblivion.   "A short life and a merry one!" How many people are its ardent devotees; how many are there hugging to their breasts this fond delusion, which seems at first like a glorious elixir, magically transforming everything into brightness, sparkling with light and gayety, giving forth strength, vigor, beauty. Suddenly the wonderful elixir can no more be obtained, and it then seems that a horrible monster is gnawing away at their vitals; a gnawing body and soul destroying which brings the victim to a realization of his folly; a cancer which must eat its way to the very core of a poor earthly existence.   




