---
title: Going the Rounds
author: Unknown
issue: 24
volume: 1
year: 1917
month: 4
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Going the Rounds   Well, we are over a month past the shortest day in a year.   ***   Speaking of "leaks," Washington hasn't anything on this place. The smallest drop soon becomes a puddle. ·   **   It beats all what a lot of mental acumen   is going to waste in prison. As soon as business men realize this there will be a great   de--. Hush! here comes those highbrow kids. Nothin' doin'.   *   It is true that one may learn a little every   day, but in many cases it would be as well to forget most we learn here.   **   If the man who practices on a brass horn   could only hear himself as others hear him perhaps he would go hang,   Say, there is a lot of wise guys in here, for sure. ''Yes,'' as the sa 6e remarked, ''they put the I in prison.''   ***   Have you ever noticed the average argument to be heard hereabout usually leads to what Tom said, that Jim said, that Jerry said he got it from Baron Munchausen?   **   It is said to be noted that a restaurant at Eddystone has been broken into twelve times in the last eighteen months.   No doubt this is rather aggravating-to the owner, but he should bear in mind that perhaps he is helping to fill a long felt want ot" the recently liberated.   ***   An inmate was heard to remark that he   ''didn't mind doing another a good turn now and then, but it got his goat when he'd done several for a fellow, and then to have the shrimp ask half a pound for the slightest favor in return."    


