---
title: To Abolish Prison Cells
author: Unknown
issue: 24
volume: 1
year: 1917
month: 4
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
To Abolish Prison Cells   Without doubt the subject of modern prison legislation has taken strong hold upon the public mind, as was amply demonstrated recently, on the occasion of a meeting, held at one of the city's largest play-houses, by the Pennsylvania Reform League, when over two thousand people were unable to obtain admission, owing to lack of seating capacity.   The keen interest evinced by Philadelphia's citizens in the care and housing of state prisoners and others dependent upon the state for maintenance and correction, has been well reflected m the attitude of the local papers toward this important subject, as voiced by a writer in the Inquirer, who says:   "Acting upon the principle that reform means expansion and development, the trend of modern penologists is all in favor of industrial farms rather than prison cells for offenders against the laws of society. In line with this idea speakers at the Pennsylvania Prison Reform League have been advocating legislation for the purchase of six industrial farms for convicts, the unlimited employment of prisoners in producing articles for state institutional use, and for permission to prisoners to work out payment of court fines by installment.   "It is a pleasure to commend all of these suggestions, and it is gratifying to know that in their substance,· at least, they meet with the favor of those who have the best interests of our penal institutions in view. They are so good that it is to be hoped they will be placed before the legislature in a concrete form and pressed to passage.   ''The warden of a Canadian prison, who spoke before the conference, said that what most convicts needed was guidance rather than guns, and patience instead of powder. At the Ontario Reformatory there are a prison-planted orchard, a dairy and an abbatoir where the meats for the state institutions are dressed. Prisoners who were victims of the drink habit are allowed to work for local farmers and support their families better than when they were free.   "It is truly said that more persons go to  prisons as the result of weakness than of wickedness. This is a fact that should be kept constantly in mind. It will solve many a problem in penology. Many of these convicts are such because of lack of home discipline. Many of them are what they are because of mental, moral and physical conditions over which they had no control. Most men will improve and thrive under decent treatment. There may be, and probably are, exceptions, but it is safe to say that the majority of the convicts in Pennsylvania today would be better men on industrial farms than they are in the cells of crowded city prisons.   "Fortunately the advocates of a more humane system of prison life are alive to the importance of this subject. We have already had much legislation in Pennsylvania affecting the 'prisons, and it is to be hoped that the near future will find this state ranking foremost in modern prison penology."      


