---
title: No Royal Road to Success
author: Leslie's
issue: 24
volume: 1
year: 1917
month: 4
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
No Royal Road to Success   "In climbing the ladder of success what have you learned that you could pass on as aid to other struggling young men? Did you conceive any shining goal and bend everything to getting there?" was recently asked the head of a large banking house.   "No," he replied emphatically.   ever job I had was to me always the very best job in the world, and I tried to fill it. I made no elaborate plans for the future. If I had any system in my labor it was first to do my own work; second, to teach the fellow below me how to take my place; third, to learn how to fill the position ahead of me.   "Boys and young men should not imagine that their work is so unimportant that nobody takes note of how they do it. It does not take long to find out whether a boy is on his toes watching how he can best be of help in a situation or whether he merely sits down and waits to be told what to do. The simple virtues of willingness, readiness, alertness and courtesy will carry a boy farther than mere smartness.   "Perhaps it will not be out of place for me to describe an incident which may carry a lesson for the young men you are anxious to help. One day when I was teller a customer offered me a very fine gold pen. I went right into the office and asked if this man had any loan from the bank. I explained that he had asked me to accept the gift. The bank promptly acted, and it was not long before the fellow was in bankruptcy. The simple course I took saved the bank a good deal of money. ''-Leslie's   




