---
title: Going the Rounds
author: Unknown
issue: 31
volume: 1
year: 1917
month: 5
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Going the Rounds   The old saying that one-half of the world doesn't know how the other half lives, is more to the point than most people would imagine.   *   It does beat all how food prices keep going   up. Ten cents apiece for eggs is about the limit for hen-fruit and nerve, with accent on the latter word.   ***   It is most surprising to note the number who are willing to help the other fellow if they don't have to hand out anything more   substantial than advice.    ***   When an inmate becomes so blind with greed that he is willing to sell out his former friend for a half-pound of tobacco, he's about the smallest thing imaginable.   ***   We don't mind listening to a fellow's exploitation of his wonderful abilities, but it rather jars on our nerves to have him think he's wise in getting off such piffle.   We hear of a Reading man who ordered in his will that the hinges of his safe be oiled as had been his custom. It must be that he anticipated a visit from some of the profession.   ***   Rumor has it that a collection is to be taken up on the 7th Block to buy a rattle and a jack-in-the-box for the fellow who pounds on the rear door of his cell in order to make the dogs bark at midnight or later.   An inmate was heard to remark that "he never let his left hand know what his right hand is doing." That's all right, but that bulging coat is a dead giveaway.   
