---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7542
issue: 31
volume: 1
year: 1917
month: 5
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Honor Club Notes   Some sage has remarked, "What's in a word?" The answer to which is, "According to who speaks it ."   In truth of this, it needed but the right word from Preeident R. C. McKenty to make the dilatory men ·)3rs realize that the rules of the H. F. C. are made to be obeyed. This   was spoken from the stage by t.he President. The members paid particular attention, and every thing passed off well.   The members of the 2nd Section came out in full force. They noted the changing of the doors of the amusement hall, which are   now hung to swing out, giving greater safety in avoiding a crush.   Promptly at L2:30P. M. the holiday crowd lined up, and to the music of their ,own thoughts marched from their several blocks in orderly line to the amusement hall.   Professor Wiegandt had the H. F. C. orchestra well in hand, and the vibrant melody of the popular "Processional" from Chopin struck a responsive chord in each H. F. C. breast, causing the blood to quicken, the eye to sparkle and create the feeling of ''It's good to be alive" within. One young visitor remarked, ' 'Why, it 's just like a really theater; ain't it?" And it was, only there's no rowdyism in the H. F. C. theater.   Vice-President A 8432 welcomed the members, bidding all be happy, but be good. The overture by the H. F. C. orchestra was the first score. This was exceptionally good. A visitor remarked, . ''Isn't it remarkable how well those men play." Not at all remarkable, for each member is sincere in his effort to give his best.   Mr. Kraupa gave ''The Habit of Happiness" today, a Dug Fairbanks feature filled with situations that especially appealed to the audience. The sermon conveyed was, if there were a few "Sunnies" in the world it wouldn't be such a bad old place after all.   It was a good film, and "The Man in the Box'' and ''Doc Bird'' had nary an accident, and every one was pleased. The vaudeville opened with the "Zillos' Three," a zillophone trio whose act produced melody of the highest class on their zillophones. They appeared for the encore twice and must have been ·gratified by the applause.   Tn·e Winkle Kids, two star juvenile artists, were next in an act that creates a wcnder in the mind as to how such young minds can produce such perfect stagecraft. Close your eyes and listen and you hear; the experience of years is before you. Open the eyes and behold two wee artists of the age that most children are reciting· their A B C's giving a performance that strictly on its merits calls for the limit in applause. No confusion, perfect poise, every word made to tell, and every movement studied but natural grace. So cheerful were they in responding to the many en cores, that the question became, Which would give out first, their good nature or their sturdy young bodies? Four encores and as many curtain-calls, and each time they responded, smiling.   Tony Baker (every one has heard of Tony Baker, Philadelphia's popular black-face comedian) was next. His remarkable makeup, clever jokes, and good clog dancing kept the audience in a roar of laughter. Three times he returned to encore, and then, even, the applause lasted after he left the stage.   Frances King, a feature of Boyer's Petticoat Minstrels, presented an act in high-class singing of popular melodies. Miss King has been featured extensively and her performance is of the style that is sure of appreciation. After the third encore she added a whistling feature to her last chorus. It's wonderful the music that can be produced by a whistle. Her cigarette song produced round after round of applause.   The plain announcement, "Sheldon Juvenile Acrobat," will never say what this act means. It must be seen to realize that which appears impossible. Imagine a child of nine or ten years folding hi:s little arms and then turning, not one, nor two, but three complete airsprings in an 8 x 10 foot space. Can't be done? Well, it was, right up on the H. F. C. stage, and his arms never unfolded. Miss Mae Russell attempted to give him his due when she announced, ''Sheldon, the World's Greatest Juvenile Aerobat." This don't half explain this clever little artist nor his acrobatic feats. Game as   a pebble he responded to every echo, and few knew how he suffered before he came on to do his turn. All credit is due this clever artist. A vote of thanks 1s due from the . members of the H. F. C.   One of Keith's star acts, with two very clever Philadelphia pe1101me1s, hany and Jennie Pratt, was with us. This team has long bookings, through Miss Mae Russell, with the Keith CiJ.·c.:ui[,and entertained with their high-c1ass lab ti,e tl. H.F.C. audience. Their act is classy and their costumes of the kind that attracts and holds the audience, and they brmg the applause of appreciation with their clean, up-LO-date songs and sayings. They responded to three encoH:s and were smotnered with applause.   Mr. Kraupa had a heart for the 2nd Section and came back with ·'Bath House Blunders" for the closing hlm. lt wa;::; c1,1.1pret: ateu by the ind JU::iC as muc;h as by the 1st Section, and every one went home satisfied that they had an entertainment.   Miss Russell brought another installment of her paper, The Vaudeville Times, which will be distributed among the members. Any one who wishes to subscribe to a thorough up-to-date theatrical weekly should cun~u1l the librarian or send their subscription direct to the editor. Miss Russell had as her guests Mrs. 0. lY.Icbiadtry, Mrs. Vvalter Buzby, Mrs. Walter· :::,i11l,Vlr. C. C. Van Winkle, and Mrs. J. E. Eichberg.   Mr. Kraupa remarked in passing, that if you want to find where he stables his goat, just attempt to remove his H.F.C. button  from the lapel of his coat. Maybe Germany wo'n't lick England, but he'll try to lick the man who .tries it. Herbert behaved himself this week and came to the H. F. C.   The Warden missed another · good show this week. His heart and interest is with the H. F. C., and when not there it is his regret.   Mrs. President R. C. McKenty gave her presence, as did Mrs. Dorothy Taylor and Mrs. Elizabeth Conrad, Messrs. John W. Smith, Walter A. Smith, and Master Keene Flack, friends of Mr. Dipple, who was a visitor. Mr. J. Meyers and Mr. Dutton, friends of the H. F. C., were present .   Mr. Robert McKenty, Jr., and his brother Bill were interested visitors. Sam filled his old place on the drum. B 6252 tried to put the brotherhood stuff on Sam, but his reply was, "Keep it; I don't want it."   The clarionet duet by B 6244 and B 8089, accompanied by the Club's pianist (B 6252) was again rendered for the pleasure of the 2nd Section, and it met with warm approval.   The circulating librarian (B 7341) calls attention to the fact that some of tbe magazines in circulation are returned in a defaced condition. The1oe books must be kept clean and whole. If upon examination a book is found with leaves removed or defaced in any way the responsibility is up to the last reader who had the book, and he must pay for damage. A mistake was made last week. B 6765 made the medal presented to La Petite Elba.   Attention is called to the Treasurer's Report. "Shown in previous reports" should be $883.50 instead of $83.50, also the fi'rst total should be $1511.08. February 3, the 1st Section 3-B, 7-G, 5-G, 5-B, 4-G, 4-B, and   7-B. -B 7542.          




