---
title: Going the Rounds
author: Unknown
issue: 7
volume: 2
year: 1917
month: 6
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Going the Rounds   Signed and concealed seems to be the general consensus of opinion hereabout.   No one should feel lonesome here, excepting the man who is forever talking about himself. His friends get tired and fade way   *   News reports tell of a man who made his   will on the back of a postage stamp. The only trouble was that it wouldn't stick in law.   They say that listeners never hear any good of themselves, but it largely depends on whether you've paid your last month's tobacco account or not.   ***   It is announced that there is to be another   boost in the price of milk. That should not cause any worry so long as the tap is handy.   ***   There is always something to won y al out   A man of science has recently announced that the heat of the sun will be diminished by one-half in seven million yearn.   **   O Boy! A man in New York says he has   worked over sixty years and never lost any time. That's goin' some, for rnre.   The ground hog theory seemed to work pretty well the other day. Every one appeared to be well pleased to go back to cover for the day.   *** .   -A New Jersey man has been try mg to   chase away ghosts that have haunted his house. So far all devices have failed. We suggest that he arrange to make an evening call at the E. S. P. and listen to the blene of sound coming from some of the blocks. Pell or Mott Street iEn't in it in comparison. Perhaps this may furnish an idea for a cure to his troubles.   ***   

