---
title: Lincoln’s Birthday
author: Unknown
issue: 7
volume: 2
year: 1917
month: 6
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Lincoln’s BirthdayBefore we again go to press, Lincoln's birthday anniversary will have come and gone, so that it is incumbent upon us that we should fittingly observe the approaching birth date of this great man with the due respect to which it is justly entitled.It has been said that one notable characteristic of Lincoln, was his fine equipoise of temperament-his sterling character. Strictly honorable and of unusually sensible attitude of mind, he was firm, and yet so kind and had such a fund of humor in his regard of others' opinions, that he usually gained his desire by allowing others to have their say. A well-known writer ·once said of him, after a personal interview, "He seems to me somewhat like a ship's cable-swaying with the tide, but holding fast at both ends." Of one thing we are sure: he was a capable manager of men. Another striking thing worthy of comment was the steadfast patience and persevering intelligence with which by constant study of a few choice books, by continually training himself to clear, concise thinking, and by learning to say tersely what he thought, he finally became master of an unsurpassed English style of speech. His addresses, his state, public and private correspondence, all possess this distinction, and none of them more so than his brief address at the dedication of the National Cemetery at Gettysburg, a year after the war had been fought; though it was written while en route in the cars, on the way to the ceremony.On that occasion Edward Everett was the chief orator of the day, and although himself a past master of oratory, he wrote a note to the President on the following morning stating: "I should be glad if I could flatter myself that I came as near to the central idea of the occasion in two hours as you did in a few minutes."Which recalls to mind the fact that Mr. Everett's eloquent address is nearly forgotten, while Lincoln's brief, concise remarks are remembered as a classic, and as a fine example of his manner and purity of speech.
