---
title: Standard Time
author: Unknown
issue: 7
volume: 2
year: 1917
month: 6
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Standard Time   ''Speaking of the railroad confusion that existed before standard time was adopted," said a prominent railroad man, "reminds me that prior to 1883 time differences caused especially confusing complications on railroads in the United States. It was formerly customary for a road to use throughout large sections of its territory the local time of one of the principal cities through which it passed.   "The result was that when two railroads met in some smaller town it frequently happened that they were running under widely different time systems. As many as five different kinds of time were thus simultaneously in use in a single town.   "It was the need of an international standard of time that led to the prime meridian conference at Washington in 1882. This recommended the use of the Greenwich civil time, reckoned from zero up to twenty-four hours.   "In accordance with this resolution and to remedy the aforementioned difficulty the United States and Canada selected a series of standard meridians differing in longitude from that of Greenwich, England, by exact multiples of 15 degrees.   "On Oct. 18, 1883, a convention was called   by W. F. Allen, secretary of the general   railway time convention, which decided on the introduction of standard time, to take effect on Nov. 18, 1883, and on that day the change to the present system was made without any difficulty."   




