---
title: The Thirty Years’ War
author: Unknown
issue: 7
volume: 2
year: 1917
month: 6
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
The Thirty Years’ War   The present conflict in Europe has induced T many popular authors to write on war subjects, from the very early times to the present day. rn·a recent article in one of the well-known periodicals, a writer takes up the T subject of religious wars, and in mentioning   the "Peace of Westphalia," he says that ''Osnabruck is one of the most venerable towns of Prussia. In the closing years of the eighth century Charlemange designated it as the capital of a bishopric, a distinction which it enjoyed without interruption for more than a thousand years. In 1803 the see was suppressed, the last bishop being Frederick, duke of York, son of the English Hanoverian monarch, George III. In 1858 the city was restored to its religious eminence when it was again made the seat of a Roman Catholic bishop.   "It is on account of her share in the preliminary negotiations which led to the epochal peace of Westphalia that Osnabruck is T famous in history. In 1644, after all central Europe had been devastated by the great struggle which eventually became known as the Thirty Years' War, representatives of Sweden, the German empire and German Protestants met here, while in the neighboring city of Munster, thirty miles to the southwest, delegates from France, Spain,   the German Catholics, and the German empire gathered.   "The negotiations extended over a period of four years. In October, 1648, both groups of conferees having arrived at a common basis of settlement, the Osnabruck diplomats repaired to Munster, where a fow days later the peace was signed which guaranteed the peace and independence of the several states of the empire and which forbade religious persecution throughout Germany. It was this   peace, in which Osnabruck played such a vital part, that put an end to religious wars in Europe .   “As early as 888 Osnabruck was granted the right to establish its own mint, But it was not until the fifteenth century that the city reached the crest of its medieval prosperity. Following the decline, which was necessarily incidental to the ra, i:..ges of the Thirty Years' War, it enjoyed a second era of growth.   ''The two most impressive architectural piles in 0::;nabruck are the spacious cathedral, dating back to the twelfth century and representing a combination of the Romanesque and Transitional styles, and the royal palace, built in 1662-'75."   
