---
title: The Umpire “Ad” Column
author: Multiple
issue: 7
volume: 2
year: 1917
month: 6
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates. B 7386. 3rd Block. **      FOR SALE -Clothes -brushes, hairbrushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35c to $1.50. B 1381. 7th Block. (**)      --FOR SALE-Victrola, in good order, $15.00; records extra. B 6935, 2nd Block. (5)      FOR SALE-Mandolin, in good condition with case. Price, $2.00. B 7821, 1st Block. (5)      LOST -One gray, knitted scarf, belonging to Professor Wiegandt. (b)      FOR SALE -Knitting machine and accessories, in good condition, for knitting tie stock. Will sell at low price. B 5825, 12th Block.(5)      FOR SALE-Photo watch fobs in oxidized silver, with your enlargement thereon and everything demanded by the art trade, ' 95c. each. B 7648 and B 6339, 7th Gallery. (5)      FOR SALE-Good mandolin in fine condition. Price, $2.50. B 7599, 4th Block. (4)      FOR SALE-One new Wurlitzer rosewood guitar, first-class condition. Will sell for $4.50. B 6158 [6153?] , 8th Block. (6)      FOR SALE -Scarfs, shawls and tidies, made of the best Germantown wool. Prices reasonable, B 7603, 7th Block. (4)      FOR SALE -Fine inlaid boxes. Prices reasonable. Also boxes, lined and polished. B 6523, 7th Block. (4)      FOR SALE CHEAP One Edison phonograph, five dozen two and four minute records. B 6198, 5th Gallery. (6)      FOR SALE-Guitar Methods. Cost Will sell for 75c. B 7906, 7th Block.   $1. 00. (6)      FOR SALE -Mandolin, in good condition· extra set of strings, and sheet music. All for $2.25. B 8192, 6th Block. (6)      OLD CHAIRS made new, repaired and upholstered. B 8327, 6th Block. (6)      FOR SALE-Fancy pincushions made to order at reasonable prices. Strongly made and work guaranteed. B 7898, 11th Block. (6)

