---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7542
issue: 14
volume: 2
year: 1917
month: 7
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Honor Club Notes    From every point, the entertainment enjoyed by the 2nd Section of the H. F. C. on Saturday was a success. The music, movies, and vaudeville were of the IXL brand, and each member who was present extends his thanks to the Warden for permitting the   privilege, and Miss Mae Russell, Mr. Kraupa, and the performers who entertained.   After the audience had been seated the Vice-President (A 8432) gave the address of welcome, bidding all to enjoy themselves. After the overture by the H. F. C. orchestra, under the able leadership of Prof. A. F. Wiegandt, the lights were darkened, and the show was on.   The film, "Let Katy Do It," was the star production Mr. Kraupa gave the Club last week. This is a five-reel Triangle, featuring Jane Gray and Tully Marshall.   It was good, very good-some say the best yet produced; but that's a matter of taste. Too much can not be said in its favor, and the interest was intense. At the ending of the first reel a burst of applause rang out, and again m the third reel the applause was even greater than the first. Professor Wiegandt introduced a cornet solo by B 6765 while the screen was being shown, which was sweet and plaintive, and it was appreciated. Professor Wiegandt also injected patriotism into the performance by rendering "The Star Spangled Banner" in a manner that caused the audience to rise to a man, while the delegates removed their caps in reverence to the grand old anthem. The act was voluntary, with nothing but love for country and flag as the incentive, and indicated that true patriotism is deep and sincere and no condition can remove it.   Miss May Mitchell opened the vaudeville with songs and a dancing act. Miss Mitchell has a classy turn, and her costumes are pleasing. One of her songs, advising how to hold your best girl, made a hit, and the audience applauded her for three encores and two curtains.   Franklin and Bergman, a comedy sketch team, whom the 1st Section had the pleasure of enjoying on January 6th, returned to give the 2nd Section a treat. When Mr. Bergman stood before the audience and a sweet, musical female voice, clean and distinct, floated through the air, few in the audience but believed that he was impersonating a woman. Then, as the song ended and Miss Franklin came into view, the astonishment was complete. For an instant there was silence· then, like any good fellow, the audience applauded the ones who had fooled them. The remainder of the sketch was good, and they were applauded to the echo. Franklin and Bergman were a pronounced success to the 2nd Section.   Miss Mae Russell had a bag full of surprises on Saturday. The next number on the program was Jean Rhodes, comedienne, and a beautiful ballet was on, performed by a beautiful female(?).   The difficult pirouetting on her toes, high kicking, whirling and dancing left nothing to be desired in a first-class ballet dance. She was encored, and another pleasing feature was added. Again did the audience applaud and ask for more, and again did Miss Rhodes respond and sing and dance the most difficult toe-dancing of her turn. Then, as the applause was ringing for more, off came her wig and Mr. Rhodes stood revealed, a mere man. One fellow said: "Huh, I thought she was a woman all the time.'' Mr. Rhodes is a star in his specialty, a female impersonator, and has just finished a long engagement at Dumont's Philadelphia house. His act was enjoyed to the limit.   Radie Troy, comedian, came next, with his dog. The way Mr. Troy walked into the laugh-house of the 'audience and pulled forth the laughs was something to behold, and when he came on with "the other dog" hitched to a cable, and they sang a duet, Mr. Troy and "the other dog," the audience went wild. A whole show in himself is Radie Troy. He occupies every inch of any stage,   and spills over sometimes. The applause he received labeled him a "hit" feature as an entertainer.   Morris and Brown, in a musical act, was the last of the vaudeville. Their turn was very good, and so well were they received that they responded to encore after encore. Mr. Brown did some trick fiddling right-handed, left-handed, upside down and downside up, before and behind-in fact any old way and every old way to play a fiddle, Mr. Brown played it. Each performance was greeted with deserved applause.   Then came ''The Love Riot'' on the film and it put every one in a happy humor to go home(?) smiling and thankful at having had one more day's enjoyment.   Mr. Kraupa was called to the stage and presented by President R. C. McKenty with a beautiful silver watch fob made by a member (B 6765), and a beautiful and difficult piece of workmanship. In accepting, Mr. Kraupa said he didn't know why he was receiving so much from the boys, as it was a great pleasure to him to be the means of making the boys happy. Warden McKenty,   who was present, quickly went on the stage, and replied to Mr. Kraupa with, "The reason Mr. Kraupa receives so much is because he gives so much. Now, just to prove that true, everybody try this plan-try giving to the other fellow-and see how much fun you will receive in return. 'Cast thy bread upon the waters.'" The members quickly dispersed to their homes(?), each voting the day a good show.   The Warden was with the Club, and he was highly pleased with the manner in which everything was conducted.   In the visitors' row Mrs. R. C. McKenty gave her presence, with the President· Mr William C. McKenty, Mr. James Casey  and Mr. Edward Connor, guests of Jimmy Mulligan and Herbert Kraupa . Mrs. Busby and Miss Nellie Mendenhall, guests of Miss Mae Russell, gave the audience the distinction of their presence and enjoyed many hearty laughs at the performance.   Father Maguire, with the concurrence of Father O'Kane, as was announced by the Vice-President (A 8432), has very kindly arranged the Catholic Mission of this week so that it will not interfere with the entertainment of Saturday next, for which a vote of thanks from the members of the H. F. C. is due.    Saturday, February 17, 1st Section-3 B, 5-B, 5G, 4B, 4G, 7B, 7G. B 7542.    Notice-There have been a number of men lined along the 5th Block wall, before the blocks come out, who have fallen in with whatever block came out first.   This will not be tolerated. In future men presenting themselves for admission to the entertainment must remain in their cells until 12:30 or they are notified. By order of   THE PRESIDENT.          




