---
title: Going the Rounds
author: Unknown
issue: 21
volume: 2
year: 1917
month: 8
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Going the Rounds   Tomorrow is Washington's birthday.   ***   Have you ordered your spring suit yet?   ***   When they say a man is law-abiding, it   isn't saying much these days.   ***   Some people we know are very easily   shocked; but they seem to enjoy the sensa- tion pretty well.   *~* *   The Annual Report of the Eastern State   Penitentiary will be ready for distribution within a few days.   ***   Have you ever considered that a jury some-   times agrees in order to smoke up and enjoy a little needed rest?   ***   Did you ever notice the pleasant expression   that plays across the face of the man who sweeps the walks?   ***   -It is true that when a fellow has some   knocking to do he is sure to find plenty of others who are ready to help.   *"*   It is somewhat surprising to note the number of winter lovers that have been hanging around the radiators for the past week.   * * *   It is announced at Germany has issued   new coins made of aluminum. · The first to   be put in circulation since the one pfennig piece.    ***   Wh f * enaman°theouter world goes into   are staurantthesedavsandorderstwoe~gs ·.·'   nearly everybody turns around to see if he has   a diamond pin, to ''make good.,. *   ***   An inmate recently runarked that be "wrn always able to attract ati.Enticn at my Etl::ce th !:' in e game." "'Yes," remarked a bystander, ' 'no doubt that's the reason you're n ow   here. ,,   It's a measly fellow who asks for a pipe   of tobacco from a friend, and after getting   ID"\ichmore than asked for, turns to another and remarks, that "the chump's a regular miser with his weed   
