---
title: Opportunity in Prison (?)
author: Unknown
issue: 21
volume: 2
year: 1917
month: 8
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Opportunity in Prison (?)   The question is asked by a writer in the Saturday Evening Post, if O. Henry would "have found his vocation while in prison if, instead of being given a comparatively light occupation and humane treatment, he had been subjected to the brutal and crushing discipline many prisoners undergo? Would his genius have flowered under such a regimen as is described in that classic of prison fiction,   '9009, ' or in innumerable reports by trust- worthy investigators? We think not.   "It is quite probable that Cervantes planned and even wrote the first part of 'Don Quixote' while in prison. Mirabeau spent a very con- siderable portion of his life in durance.   Dostoyevsky outlived a horrible imprisonment to produce some of the greatest   written. In other instances very superior gifts have survived imprisonment. But very superior gifts are exceptional.   ''Why should not a prison be always a gate of opportunity to all its inmates? When civil- ized society takes bodily possession of a man-actually seizes his life and takes the direc - tion of it wholly out of his hands, because he has been directing it badly-why should it not always systematically and intelligently try to find out what he is really good for, and get him at it?   ''Society can not be said to make such an attempt. Mostly it subjects him to a rigidly prescribed, uniform, repressive regimen that is as far from discovering and encouraging any budlet of talent--whether to write a book or drive a dray--as a regimen well could be.''


