---
title: The Umpire “Ad” Column
author: Multiple
issue: 21
volume: 2
year: 1917
month: 8
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
The Umpire “Ad” Column   Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of "Ad" column.      TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3rd Block. **      FOR SALE- Clothes-brushes, hairbrushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35c to $1.50. B 1381. 7th Block. (**)      FOR SALE-Mandolin, in good condition with case. Price, $2.00. B 7821, 1st Block. (5)      LOST-One gray, knitted scarf, belonging to Professor Wieganat. (5)      FOR SALE-Photo watch fobs in oxidized silver, with your enlargement thereon and everything demanded by the art trade, '95c. each. B 7648 and B 6339, 7th Gallery. (5)      FOR SALE-Good mandolin in fine condition. Price, $2.50. B 7599, 4th Block. (4)      FOR Sale- one new wurlizer rosewood guitar, first-class condition. Will sell for $4.50. B 6153, 8th Block. (6)      FOR SALE-Scarfs, shawls and tidies, made of the best Germantown wool. Prices rea- sonable, R 7603, 7th Block. (4)      FOR SALE-Fine inlaid boxes. Prices reasonable. Also boxes, lined and polished. B 6523, 7th Block. (4)      FOR SALE CHEAP-One Edison phonograph, five dozen two and four minute records. B 6198, 5th Gallery.      FOR SALE-Guitar Methods. Cost $1.00. Will sell for 75c. B 7906, 7th Block. (6)      OLD CHAIRS made new, repaired and upholstered. B 8327, 6th Block. (6)      FOR SALE-Fancy pincushions made to order at reasonable prices. Strongly made and work guaranteed. B 7898, 11th Block. (7)      FOR SALE-Guitar Instructor (new) cost $1.00; will se 11 for 75c. B 7906, 7th Block. (8)      FOR SALE -- Guitar and mandolin in good condition. Will sell cheap. B8332, 4th Gallery (8)      FOR SALE- New Victor Victrola. Cost $15.00. Sell with ten records for $12.00. B 7889, 9th Block (8)      For SALE- Forty new records for $15.00. B 6939, 2nd Block.

