---
title: Egotism
author: Miller, Charles Grant
issue: 28
volume: 2
year: 1917
month: 9
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Egotism   We are all egotists one way or the other. The ego of each one of us-that greedy,   insistent, insatiable and domineering instinct which says and reiterates that the best is none too good for us-is responsible for much of the misery of mankind.   Take any girl with passable features, ordinary physique and medium intelligence. In   her dreams she pictures a possible lover of supreme beauty, brilliant intellect and inexhaustible wealth, who will one day fall before her charms.   Many marriages are failures for no other reason than the insatiable egotism of both parties, which demands and keeps on demanding consideration, diplomacy, flattery, yet never proffering aught in return.   Though the girl knew this man was high-tempered when she married him, and knew of insolence too, and a carelessness in regard to keeping his word, yet she married him, with her eyes open. Then, as the years go by, these things grate on her; she refuses to face the fact that they are constitutional infirmities, and as unchangeable a part of him as the nose on his face. And she continues to nag and make life unpleasant, never realizing that she too has faults that have to be put up with.   Then a man marries a pretty face, thinking little of what is back of it. He soon comes to realize that a pretty face alone is a poor thing to live with. Or, perhaps, on the other hand, he marries an intellect alone, and, soon or late, tires of his bargain. But he lacks the philosophy to make the best of it; he fails to remind himself that he is responsible for the condition of affairs; fails to put the blame where it belongs. His egotism blinds him, and so he considers the scheme of the universe entirely at fault.   The pessimist does not exist who is not surcharged with egotism. · He takes himself as the standard of measurement in weighing what little else there is of the world, an d in his mind it does not nearly come up to the mark.   In our friends we expect the highest attainments: constancy, devotion, ideal sentiment, as well as sympathy and material assistance. Yet we seldom stop to question whether we deserve these things.   Truly astonishing, when we come to think of it, is the natural, inborn egotism of most poor mortals.   Half our troubles, failures and sorrows are due to the fact that we think the universe was designed to nicely fit down around ourselves, rather than we to fit ourselves into it.   Charles Grant Miller.   


