---
title: A Curious Alaskan Village
author: Unknown
issue: 28
volume: 2
year: 1917
month: 9
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
A Curious Alaskan Village   Describing an old Alaskan landmark a writer in an exchange says that "no other locality is quite like old Kassan National Monument," a unique tract of land held by the United States government. It consists of thirty-eight acres within the Tongass national forest, Alaska, and the tract embraces the well-known abandoned Haida Indian village of Old Kassan, situated on Prince of Wales Island, in southeastern Alaska, about thirty miles west of the city of Ketchikan.   ''The village was abandoned by the Indians about ten years ago. Among the relics which remain there are about fifty Indian totem poles, five or six of which are classed as exceedingly good specimens. In the deserted village there are also eight large square buildings which were origmally constructed according to the peculiar plan of the Haida Indians and which, it is stated by those best qualified to know, represent the best specimens of Haida architecture that now exist. The largest of these buildings is approximately 40x60 feet in size and is made entirely of round and carved timbers.   ''There also remain a number of Indian graves, with the typical small grave houses erected by the Alaskan Indians. 'Kassan' is said to be the Indian word which means 'a pretty town,' and all reports agree that the village was well named. The fact that .the vill a ge was occupied by the Indians for many years explains the local name, 'Old' Kassan, by which it is widely known. Since the village was abandoned by the Indians the buildings have been rapidly falling into a state ·of dilapidation and decay."   

