---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7542
issue: 7
volume: 3
year: 1917
month: 10
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Honor Club Notes   A member of the 2nd section remarked after seeing the performance (his first) on Saturday, "Wonderful; I've lived sixty-five years, and this is the first real theater I was ever in.'' Of the nine hundred men assembled in the H. .F. C. theater on Saturday there are eight hundred and ninty-nine others who will say ''I never saw a better perform- ance." There has been some confusion about tickets to the show, and therefore, as Pete wanted to play square, he put it up to the Warden and President R. C. McKenty. The reply came quick and to the point, "Put just as many men in the hall as it will hold in safety." And Pete followed this t o a letter. What a jolly, good-natured bunch it was that listen to the chairman (A 8432) make his address of welcome, and announce ''The first number on the program will be an overture by the H. F. C. orchestra.'' Professor Wigandt had something brand new today, a sym- phony, and the harmony of sounds was won- derful. After the applause of appreciation had subsided, the room was darkened and the film, "A Modern Enoch Arden," began its wonderful story.   To relate it is almost impossible; and to see it is a pleasure. Especially was the audience impressed with the destruction of the steamer, and again, when the motorboat ran away with the child and was rescued by the tramp father (Joe Jackson). At the finish the ap- plause that burst forth was for the senti- ment the picture projected in right over- coming knavery, as well as the superior act-   ing on the film. The movie was very fine, very fine indeed.   The vaudeville opened with a juvenile act, "The Petty Kids." Let's name them ''The Pretty Petty Kids.'' Two sweet clever young artists answered to this announcement. They are clever beyond description in their classy singing and dancing act that is positively exceptional and can not be beaten. Their opening turn was encored, and the little lady responded, while the young master changed costumes, and upon her exit behold Charlie Chaplin appeared as though out of the film,mustache and all. Only in size did he differ, for, if anything, the little man was a better   Charlie Chaplin than Charlie himself. As he finished his turn the applause was such that again the little miss came forth and gave a song, while her teammate changed his cos- tume to appear in time to take up his part, and a fine specimen of classy stage dancing was produced that can not be excelled anywhere by any one, big, little, great, or small. Yes, the "Pretty Petty Kids" are the real vaudeville class.   A musical treat was next given, of the high-class brand. "Mr. Mack, harpist," was the announcement Miss Russell made. The guitar, with which Mr. Mack introduced his act, is an instrument that there are many within these walls can tickle, and get fine, harmoni- ous sounds from. Therefore it was a critical gathering that attended Mr. Mack's perform- ance on his guitar, and to a man they pronounced his work good when he had finished and turned to his harp. The lingering sweet- ness of the harmony produced from his harp, which in itself was a thing of great beauty, the value of which was evident, remains with all who heard it, and Mr. Mack was gratified with the applause of appreciation that follow- ed his efforts.   The "Bennie Franklin Tots," who followed on the program, are a trio the value of which can hardly be described. In lieu of the "Pretty Petty Kids" the words came forth- "Breathes there a man with soul so dead, Who never to himself hath said,''   This, or that one, is the best,   And got away with it?   In the "Bennie Franklin Tots" there is one more performer, and therefore in point of numbers they may win. The eldest came first, and she was sweet, interesting, and clever; then the little lady who assumed the character of a maiden Quaker lady of the old school, so ready to criticize and compare the customs and dress of the present day, with that of "Ye Auld Lang Syne." This in song,   so aptly described and acted, was followed by the tiniest and wee-est little Irish lady, in green silk, with all the quaint movements and delightful brogue of the dearly treasured Irish matron of a decade past, impersonated by the Youngest of the ''Ben Franklin Tots. '' Then a yodeling song, with a positively per- fect dance, then finishing with all three going   off, with the symmetry of movement, to a rousing applause, that was so continuous that Miss Russell came on and everything became still to hear her say, "The mother thanks you, the artists thank you, and the father, Bennie Franklin, thanks you." You know who she means-Bennie Franklin of Dumont's Minstrels fame, the father of these tots. Of course to applaud again was out of the question, so the "Bennie Franklin Tots" could not be brought back.   Miss Mae Russell is not satisfied unless she is "putting it over" on some one. When Mlle. LaRose, the Nervous Woman, was next an- nounced, and there came forth a lady of the pronounced blond type, handsomely gowned in a black velvet costume, cast ''Decollete'' with a decided low V both front and back.   (Continued on page 4.)      (Continued from page 1.)   The audience was scarcely prepared to receive such beauty and imposing grace, and when   she proceeded to lift her voice, and render, in rich clever soprano, songs of beautiful harmony, the audience went wild with enthusiasm. Then encored, she essayed a duet alone. Some stunt this, but she made good, and the impersonating of male and female voices was splendid. Then on the last encore " the sweet thing" didn't do a thing but remove a blond wig and stood revealed-a mere man- and a bald-headed man at that! Yes! You handed one more to your fellow-members, Miss Rus- sell, but it's a good one, and we laugh with you. Mlle. LaRose was good, three encores and a wig-pull.   Mr. Dilks came back Saturday for the boys of the 2nd Section, wash-boiler, tin whistle, and all. His son accompanied him on the piano. It appeared that Mr. Dilks did about everything that could be done on a fiddle last week, but Saturday he appeared to have found another way to play the   fiddle, and everyone enjoyed the performance. As the beautiful harmony of the pig’s voice under the gate came forth, it was heard by many, who recognized in it the joyful voice of a hog's son, heard many times m the slaughterhouse.   Mr. George Martin, "the Duke of Hoboken," -remember Hoboken is in New Jersey and they raise some sauerkraut and trouble there sometimes-next appeared. Every one was glad to see "the duke." He started something as soon as he came on the stage, and he kept it up. His reference to "America must be first," in a song, started a rumble which broke into a roar of applause that made "the duke" pause and take notice. When it is considered that Mr. Martin receives $50.00 for three performances at the Globe Theater, it appears that we had a high-class turn in "the duke." His last remark about ''the fellows going out and becoming a regular fellow," was from his heart, and it was   said in all sincerity. Wouldn't it be a good thing to have lots of "Mr. Martins, Duke of Hoboken," in the world?   The last time Miss Anna Senn rendered a violin solo for the pleasure of the H. F. C.   she left the imprint of her sweet presence and fine performance on all who had the privilege and pleasure of hearing her. The delight of her return on Saturday was second in appreciation only to the knowledge that even though Miss Senn feared that she would be late, she exerted every effort, and succeeded in arriving in time to give the au- dience her full repertoire. The Hungarian rhapsody, as performed by Miss Senn on her violin, was beautiful and inspiring, while the melody which she repeated, held the atten- tion of all. The applause she received was of the awesome, reverent kind, that true ge- nius accepts as a tribute to worth. Many of the H. F. C. violinists, and we have some   fine talent, agreed with Professor Wiegandt in pronouncing Miss Senn's performance on the violin as being among the best ever heard. Miss Senn remarked that she was very well pleased with the support given her by the Club's pianist (B 6252), who followed her every change on the piano.    Before beginning the last film, Warden McKenty's photograph was flashed on the screen and was greeted with a burst of applause. After the pleasure had been appre- ciated, the photograph of Mr. R. C. McKen- ty, President of the Honor and Friendship Club, was shown. This was also given a   burst of applause. Then came Pete (A 8432), our Vice-President, and another storm of applause broke out.   Then came the film "The First False Step," and it was a film to be remembered. Every one enjoyed it, and every one went home(?) happy in one more perfect afternoon 's enjoyment.   Miss Mae Russell stated that Peter Maher, Jr., volunteered to come up and play ball with the Club. Come along, Peter. Where do you play? We'll hold the place open for you. We have some real baseball players, so you'll be in fast company. Ask Rube.   Did any one notice that new pair of drum- sticks "Curley" had working Saturday? You ought to have been there, Sam. Silver han- dle drumsticks! .Some sticks.   What are we going to do during the long summer without the good-fellowship of Miss Mae Russell and that kind, wholehearted smile of Mr. Kraupa's to carry us from week to week, and what will Jimmie Mulligan (the man in the box) and Herbert Kraupa do without seeing their friends on "the hill" once a week? Well, it's some weeks off yet, and ''the evils of the day are sufficient thereof."   Again were the members pleased and inspired by the presence of Mrs. R. C. McKenty and Miss Elsie McKenty. President R. C. McKenty and Mr. William McKenty were present, as were Master Herbert Kraupa, P. J. Mulligan and Joseph Vaus.   We were well pleased to note Mrs. Busby as the guest of Miss Mae Russell.   Get that baseball stuff going. Each member think the matter over as to whether he can play ball and what position he can fill. Saturday, March 10th, 1st Section-3 B, 5 G, 4B, 7B, 7G, 5B, 4G.   Notice - Will the member who found the   new yellow lead pencil in the hall kindly re- turn it to Secretary, 11th Block?   -B 7542.            


