---
title: The Umpire “Ad” Column
author: Multiple
issue: 7
volume: 3
year: 1917
month: 10
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN    Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad” column.       TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3rd Block. (**)      FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hairbrushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (3)       WATCH FOBS—Gold filled wired, made of mother-of-pearl; also necktie pins made of same material Excellent workmanship at reasonable prices. Canary Bird King, B 5575, 6th Block. (9)       FOR SALE—Guitar, in good condition. Will sell for $3.00. B 6260, 1st Block. (9)       FOR SALE—Very fancy postcards; the only ones of their kind; 5 for 25c. B 7047, 7th Block. (9)       SACRED HEARTS painted in oil colors on post-cards, 5c. each. B 7648, 7th Gallery. (9)       FOR SALE—Music and mandolin, in good condition; loud tone. Price, $2.00. B 8024, 1st Block. (9)       SUITCASES made to order. Several styles, and colors and goods to select from; $3.00 up. B 8231, 5th Block. (9)       FOR SALE—Guitar Methods. Cost $1.00. Will sell for 75c. B 7906, 7th Block. (6)       FOR SALE—Fancy pincushions made to order at reasonable prices. Strongly made, and work guaranteed. B 7898, 11th Block. (9)       OLD CHAIRS made new, repaired and upholstered. B 8327, 6th Block. (6)       FOR SALE—New Victor Victrola. Cost $15.00. Sell, with ten records, for $12.00. B 7889, 9th Block. (8)       FOR SALE—Forty new records for $15.00. B 6939, 2nd Block. (8)       FOR SALE—One rocking-chair; high back, cane bottom: in good condition. Reasonable. B 7810, 3rd Block. (9)       FOR SALE—A mandolin, in good condition. Will sell, with case, for $2.00. B 7800, 1st Block. (9)       FOR SALE—Guitar Instructor (new); cost $1.00; will sell for 75c. B 7906, 7th Block. (8) TYPEWRITING done, at reasonable rates, in English, French, Italian, and Spanish. B 7499, 7th Gallery. (10)       FOR SALE—A guitar; almost new: fine tone; with case, $8.50. B 6567, 4th Block. (10)       FOR SALE-—Birds, guaranteed singers, male and female, good breeders; also brass cages and breeding cages. B 7507, 9th Block. (10)       PLASTER OF PARIS SACRED HEART, 10c. B 7418, 7th Gallery. (10)       PLASTER OF PARIS NOVELTIES—Smokers’ outfit cheap. B 6083, 7th Gallery. (10)       FOR SALE--Jos. Ricketts Philadelphia banjo, 11-inch head, 22 brackets, Al tone, in good condition; a collapsible music-stand and banjo music. All for $4.00, B 7144, 12th Block, 1st Gallery. (9)




