---
title: The Public Defender Movement
author: Unknown
issue: 7
volume: 3
year: 1917
month: 10
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
The Public Defender Movement   Well in the heart of Dixieland is to be found the nucleus of a new Public Defender movement. South from the borders of the Mason and Dixon line, where history places chivalry, honor and courage, has sprung a new expression of all these found together, in the efforts of a Memphis attorney to give Shelby county a Public Defender, and the South an ideal justice which has been over-   looked until now.   John W. Palmer, a Memphis attorney, is fathering the bill in his state, forming it into shape, smoothing and polishing it through its early stages, before its full significance has been made clear to those who have not kept closely in touch with that which is mod- ern in legal circles.   "The Southern bar owes Mr. Palmer a debt of gratitude for crystalizing the need for a Public Defender," says a writer in The Bill- board, and ''for bringing into being some definite means for accomplishing an end." Public defense lies equally in the Scales of Justice with public prosecution, which is granted throughout the country without question. That the South is taking up the question and bringing it into the legislature of Tennessee for action, speaks perseverance and enterprise. The success of the measure will bring to Shelby county a position in the annals of Tennessee's judicial history to be envied.   The Commercial Appeal has given an up- ward boost to the campaign by its publicity to the Public Defender crusade, and in rather a minute disclosure of the Palmer bill it says: "If this bill becomes a law, persons charged with crime in the courts of Shelby county, who are unable to employ an attorney, will be represented and defended by an able, dignified, respectable counsel, and with the same prestige of the state behind him as that of the prosecution, and all persons, whether they are rich or poor, will be placed on an equality before the law."   Further on it continues: "The operation in other places has proved that often the accused is more sinned against than sinning, and that in  past many persons whose greatest crime was poverty, have been railroaded to prison, not on account of any individual prejudice on the part of the court officers, but because o:f an old custom of appointing a young and equal- ly inexperienced lawyer to defend them. The result was always a foregone conclusion,   with the young lawyer pitted against an able and efficient lawyer backed by the machinery of the state."   The Public Defender would seem  to be a necessary official of the judiciary system that has heretofore been overlooked, and the idea of creating the office is meeting with approbation, and is being generally endorsed by the bench and bar of Tennessee. Truly the value of a more just legal system can not be too greatly estimated.   




