---
title: Our New Possessions
author: Unknown
issue: 7
volume: 3
year: 1917
month: 10
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Our New Possessions   "It is to be expected that a new name for the Danish West Indies, the title to which has now passed to the United States, will be called for," says a writer in the Transcript, and it has already "been suggested that they be called the Dewey Islands, in honor not only of the part which Admiral Dewey had in endowing us with an island empire, but in commemoration of the fact that his passing to another sphere came almost at the very moment of the passing of the title to those new possessions of ours. The suggestion may be approved by the general sentiment, but our people have always been rather shy of apply- ing the name of any other individual than the Father of His Country to states, territories or regions of the earth. The group of islands which includes the Danish Isles is already call- ed the Virgin group, in honor of the date of their discovery. This is surely an honorable and beautiful name, but it may be open to the objection that the Virgin Islands include also two or three British islets, and confusion might arise on this account.   "Administratively, these new islands might well enough be made a part of Puerto Rico, in which case they would never need a sepa- rate name, each one being called, of course, by its present title--St. Thomas, .St. Croix, St. Jean. If Porto Rico is given full territo- rial status in the American union, it will un- doubtedly include these islands, just as it al- ready includes the other Virgin Islands, once Spanish-Culebra and Vieques. The cession of the Danish Islands brings us into very close neighborhood indeed to the British in the West Indies, for from the outlying islets of St. Jean one could almost throw a stone to the British island of Tortola. Perhaps the British would be glad to sell their share of the Virgins for considerably less than we are paying the Danes for theirs. The entire pop- ulation of the British Virgin Islands is less than 5000, and they are of no value to Eng- land, either economically or strategically."   


