---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7542
issue: 28
volume: 3
year: 1917
month: 13
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES The One-third Law The last show of the season: that was the watchword on Saturday that caused everyone who could possibly find a reason or excuse for asking for an extra ticket to go to Pete, and few were turned down. What caused the desire was the Secretary had received a letter on Friday from the Honorable James A. Walker, thanking the Club for making him an honorary member of the Honor and Friendship Club, and accepting their invitation to be the guest of the Club and address them. As a member of the Pennsylvania Legislature and the father of the one-third law, now before the Senate, any remark from. Mr. Walker held interest, and that he would visit us and behold us as we are and know ourselves to be, would place the gentleman in a position to champion the cause of the ones who were benefitted by his proposed legislation.  With this in mind a parade was prepared for the honored gentleman’s review, and each member was on the tiptoe of expectancy after being seated. The quiet, kindly gentleman who sat in the audience suggested a visitor, and when the President announced the Honorable James A. Walker and this unobtrusive gentleman ascended the stage, the burst of applause that greeted the introduction was thunderous and rang true and sincere. Mr. Walker began his remarks with a joke, and continuing said, he advocated the one-third bill, because he felt it to be just and humane. He does not believe that because a man has made a mistake he should be forever barred from retrieving himself. Mistakes are liable to anyone. Our Savior when asked should he forgive a man seven times? replied: “Yea, and seventy times seven;” and this example can be followed always. Mr. Walker has devoted his every effort for the passage of the one-third bill and will continue to use every influence he can bring to finally make it a law and benefit the men who are entitled to a chance. The strong, serious sincerity of the speaker came cut when he said, “I ask each man’s prayer. If you are Christian Scientist or other, I ask that you will throw the mental waves or any telepathic influence you can exert toward the Senate that it may be influenced in behalf of the bill. I am a firm believer in prayer,” he continued, ‘and the more prayers that go up for me the surer I am that I will succeed. Then too I expect every man who is benefitted by the law to go forth and prove by his conduct, that not 75 percent, but 100 percent will make good and that I am right.” His high praise for our Warden, Robert J. McKenty; his pleasure at being an honorary member of the Honor and Friendship Club; his belief in the ultimate good and benefit to be derived from just such uplift movements had such sincerity in it that it was pleasant to listen to, and each one who heard was sorry to hear the finish. The applause was thunderous and left no doubt as to our sincerity. The officers and (Continued on page 4.) (Continued from page 1) delegates send out the call to each member of the Honor and Friendship Club, that answering Hon. James A. Walker’s request, every member say a prayer for the success of the one-third law at 9:30 P.M., Thursday night, March 29th. Opening with a “Dug” Fairbanks in the “American Aristocracy” on the film, Mr. Kraupa held to the last the good opinion of his judgment in selection. Quite frequent bursts of applause indicated the appreciation, and the little murmur that arose when “engine trouble” interrupted was merely the expression following interrupted interest that immediately became absorbed again when the picture was continued. During the showing of the film, Professor Wiegandt on the cornet, assisted on the piano by B 6552 and B 4812 with the violin, while B 7349 accompanied with the saxophone rendered a beautiful selection entitled “A Perfect Day” in a manner that brought applause. Again, a selection entitled “H. F. C. March” was rendered by the Club pianist (B 6252), accompanied by 8361 on the drum. The music of this march was written by B 8099, a member who has a musical gift and bids fair, at some future day, becoming a composer of fame. Generous applause was given at the finish. The DeCourcy Brothers opened the vaudeville with a living statue act that was marvelous in its perfection. It was the grace of their impersonation of statues of the different vices—temper, hate, etc. “Then the wrestlers, showing the different holds used in Graeco-Roman wrestling was beautiful to behold. It was grand. Miss Muller, the Nordica of Vaudeville, was with us again, and she was equally as good as last week. She has a beautiful voice, clear and flutelike, and sings for the sheer joy of being able. Miss Muller was encored again and again. Four times she responded to the applause and obliged each time. The Musical Ogdens, who next appeared, is a musical team, father and daughter, of rare attainments. The music they produced is seldom heard. Itis of that penetrating, beautiful harmony that cannot be described except as beautiful and soul-filling, satisfying every musical want. Miss Ogden took the piano and accompanied her father on the xylophone. The performance Was appreciated and applauded. Miss Marian Hilliar returned to entertain the members of the 1st Section and right royally did she succeed. With her classy costume and sweet singing she appealed to all. Four encores she responded to. Graham and Wilks, a team of comedians with the real stuff in them, gave a good turn. Their jokes were good and their turn received the approval of all. Then followed Miss Vida Hawley, a clever little actress of very pleasing parts. Her impersonation of, first, a Holland Vraleen and then a Scotch laddie was filled with brightness and interest, and her every movement indicated how her heart was filled with a fellow feeling for her audience. She was applauded to the echo. Our old friends Kane and Rooter again returned to entertain as none other but these royal fellows can entertain. Their high-class goods were well received. And our friend Miss Frances King came for the benefit of the 1st Section. So near the hearts of the members of the H. F. C. has Miss King come that an inlaid box made from 4784 separate pieces was given her, not by the Honor and Friendship Club, but by an individual member who felt that it was Miss King’s right to receive this token of his appreciation. Miss King spoke a few well-chosen words in which she remarked how thankful she was for this token of esteem, extending her kind felicitations to every member of the H. F. C. The “Mazy Mae” trio—Miss Russell, Miss Hilliard and Miss King—then sang “Tipperary,” with the audience joining in the chorus. The vaudeville had a happy ending for the season of 1916-’17. After the vaudeville the last film of the season was “Vampire Ambrose,” a mirth filling reel that left every one filled with good cheer. Mr. Kraupa announced from the stage that the aggregate sum collected for the Xmas Kiddie Fund is $103.76. On motion of Chairman of Board of Governors B 7927 a rising vote of thanks was tendered Mr. Kraupa, Miss Mae Russell, Professor Wiegandt, Jimmie Mulligan, and all who have entertained the members, and especially to Warden Robert J. McKenty, whose kindness and broad-mindedness permits this condition. Every member arose. Again was this repeated when a rising vote of thanks was given to Hon. James A. Walker. During the week six of the members combined and sent an inlaid box to each of the Bennie Franklin Tots in appreciation of their efforts to entertain. Mrs. R. C. McKenty, Miss Elsie McKenty, and a young lady friend under the escort of Mr. William McKenty, were present, as was Mr. Robert McKenty, Jr., who attended Hon. James A. Walker. Mrs. Wilks, Mrs. Graham, Mrs. Buzby, and Miss Nellie Mendenhall graced the audience. President R. C. McKenty had full charge and everything passed pleasantly. Vice-President A 4382 was Grand Marshal of the parade, the music for which was provided by the E. S. P. band of sixty-four pieces, under the able leadership of Prof. A. F. Wiegardt. The trumpet and drum corps, under the able leadership of B 7879, did very creditable work. Master Wiegandt gave a very creditable performance on the piano, which was appreciated and applauded. Next Saturday afternoon the 2nd Section— 8-12-2, 12-1, 12-11, 1-10, 9-6, G 6. —B 7542. 
