---
title: Engineering Courses
author: B-8128
issue: 28
volume: 3
year: 1917
month: 13
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
ENGINEERING COURSES    State College Will Continue the Present Courses at This Institution    New Subjects May Be Introduced Later       The State College authorities have been so well pleased with the classes in Mechanical Engineering, which have been conducted in the E. S. P. during the past year, with the co-operation of the Y. M. C. A., that it has been decided to continue these courses, and eventually to add new subjects. Courses in Electricity, Steam Engineering and others, which are now being prepared, will be open to those who have successfully completed the courses offered now.       Success in the modern industrial world requires both manual and mental training. Skill in the use of the hands will never make more than a good workman. Men rise only in proportion as they acquire mental knowledge or power.       A careful study of the men who achieve success in the industrial world shows that their rise is proportional to their mental attainments and abilities. Every man pays for the supervision he requires, and that supervision represents the supplying, by superiors, of the knowledge which the workman lacks. It is mental training and power that raises a man above the rank and file and makes him resourceful, ingenious, end able to direct and command. In all fields of industrial activity competition is keen and responsibilities are placed only on those who are best equipped to carry them.       Technical training was formerly acquired through experience alone, but the “school of hard knocks” is slow and inefficient. Many things are never taught in the school of experience, nor can they be learned properly by scattered, unguided reading. The texts used in the classes conducted jointly by the State College and the Y. M. C. A. “have been especially prepared for shop men by the University of Wisconsin and embody the very latest ideas; no effort has been spared to make the instruction clear and effective.”       A student who proves his proficiency in any course by the record of his recitation grades, will be awarded with a certificate issued and signed by the College Authorities, showing that the work of the course has been completed satisfactorily. No reference whatsoever is made on these engraved certificates, showing that the owner was at any time an inmate of the E. S. P.; hence it may be displayed to any prospective employer.       The following courses are offered at the present time:       Shop Mathematics.    This is an interesting and practical course in mathematics as used daily in every shop. The fundamentals of mathematics are taught, -using familiar terms and processes, and giving numerous applications to shop-problems, so as to develop in the student an ability to apply the mathematic and scientific principles to his everyday work. The applications relate largely to the metal-working trade, but the work is not applied so closely to these trades but that it will be of interest and value to men in other lines of industry. The course is preparatory to more advanced technical subjects. The topics treated are—       Fractions, Decimal Fractions, Percentage, Circumference of Circles, Cutting and Grinding Speeds, Ratio and Proportion, Gear Trains, Change Gears, Areas and Volumes, Mathematical Tables (circles, powers, roots), Levers, Tackle-blocks, Inclined Plane and Screw, Work, Power and Energy, Horsepower, Horse-power of Engines, Mechanics of Fluids, Theory of Heat, Expansion and Contraction, Strength of Materials.       Advanced Shop Mathematics.    The representation is very clear throughout, though some of the more advanced subjects have been treated. Such principles of algebra, geometry, trigonometry and logarithms have been presented as have been found to be of practical value in the shop, showing many of the better known applications, and making the application as practical as possible. This course is an especially valuable preparation for more complicated and advanced technical studies. The following topics are treated:       Formulas, Algebraic Addition and Subtraction, Transformation of Formulas, Algebraic Multiplication and Division, Simple, Simultaneous and Quadratic Equations, Tables end Curves, Equation of Curves, Geometric Constructions, Construction and Properties of Geometric Figures, Areas of Geometric Figures, Indicator Card, Volumes and Surfaces of Solids, Tangent and Cotangent, Sine, Cosine, Secant, Cosecant, Screw-threads and Spirals, Tan- Cot- Sin- Cos- Tables, Solution of Triangles, Logarithms of Numbers, Decimals and Roots, Log Tables,       Mechanical Drawing.    Every good mechanic must have a knowledge of drawing for two reasons. First and most important, he must be able to read mechanical drawings; the lines on a blue print must not be merely so many white lines on a blue background, but they must delineate an actual object in his mind. Second, he must be able to make such occasional drawings as the better mechanic is often called upon to make. He may be on a repair job which requires that a sketch be made of a broken part; or he may want to convey to others his ideas of a special tool or fixture or machine part. Ability to read drawings is developed by examples from simple objects. From the very beginning the student makes actual working drawings. The ability to read and understand the different views is further brought out by problems requiring the student to construct other views from different drawings. Topics treated: Use of Drawing Instruments, Principles of Mechanical Drawing, Screws and Screw Fastenings, Sections, Assembly and Detail Drawings, Gearing, Isometric Drawing, Freehand Drawing.       Advanced Mechanical Drawing.    This course has been especially developed for men who wish to acquire a good working knowledge of drawing as practiced in the best drafting-rooms. The text and problems are carefully prepared and arranged so as to develop speed, accuracy and neatness. This course combined with the more elementary course will fit any student to become a detail draftsman.       Topics treated :—    Right Angle Projection, Intersection and Development of Prisms, Intersection and Development of Cylinder and Cone, Conic Sections (Hyperbola, Parabola, and Ellipse), Mechanical Drawings of Assemblies (from the object), Isometric Drawing of irregular and oblique objects, Lettering.       Every student will be furnished free with texts and a complete drawing outfit. The instruction is under the direct supervision of a Professor of Mechanical Engineering, who acts as Field Supervisor for the State College, and makes very frequent visits to the institution.       “Quitters” and men who are looking for a “Soft snap’ need not apply. For information address Mr. Bonsall, of the School of Letters, through your Overseer.    —B 8128. 

