---
title: Far From the Maddening Crowd
author: Unknown
issue: 4
volume: 4
year: 1917
month: 14
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
FAR FROM THE MADDENING CROWD    As a rule, newspaper writers see so much of the shadowy side of life that they frequently become more or less pessimistic and cynical, and it is a most refreshing relief to find among them some who still have the faculty to search out something more elevating than the sordid doings of the everyday world with all its errors and omissions. to note that there is a writer in the Patterson Call who can “walk with the beautiful and with the grand” and see the delights of childish games and play, and this is what he says:       “Ever take notice how the little people take advantage of every opportunity to have fun? How they work and struggle to make the old sled slide down a worn-out bit of snow; how they toil ceaselessly in the business in playing; how they. take chances in catching on to the back of a wagon, in order to have a moment’s pleasure? Well, they are the real sensible people of the. world—these little folks.       “They do not give up. Whipped from behind one wagon, they wait patiently for another. The sled refusing to glide this time, then try it over and over again. Driven from one yard, they go to another, to return to the first one at the earliest opportunity.       “Talk about the ant being the emblem of industry—we’ll put the young folks against all the ants of the earth. The persistency of youth: should be inspiration enough to keep the earth revolving for a million years, and all of us happy for the rest of our lives.       “And the: weather! What do the little people care about the weather? They use it as they find it, and do not complain. They make the most of it, regardless to its’ inclemency. They are not turned from their course by a puddle of water nor driven to despair because the sun refuses to shine for them.       “It is unfortunate for all of us that we allow the enthusiasm of youth to die within us.”
