---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7542
issue: 11
volume: 4
year: 1917
month: 15
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES    For several reasons there was appreciation among the members of the 1st Section on Saturday as to whether they would enjoy their half holiday. First of these was owing to the death of one of our honorary members, Hon. Murrell Dobbins, Inspector of the E. S. P. The question arose whether it would be showing proper respect to the memory of the deceased honorary member. Upon Warden McKenty assuring the officers that he believed it would be the wish of Inspector Dobbins, were he alive, that the holiday should proceed, the orders were issued. The weather then appeared cold and threatening, but “Old Sol” was good and the afternoon was made to order. Marshalled by Vice-President, A 8432, the parade formed at 12:30 P.M., and with the brass band of 64 pieces, led by Prof. A. F. Wiegandt, playing martial music and the clear notes of the bugle corps sounding in the intervals, the 1st Section fell into the music, and with a true military swing at the command, “Fours Right, March,” they were off around the yard, giving salute, as the reviewing-stand at the entrance was passed, to be returned by Warden McKenty, Inspectors Carver and Dr. Hart, who, with Mr. Kratz, Chief of Clerks of the Institution, felt a satisfaction at the showing made by the members on parade. Twice around the yard marched the men, each block led by the standard bearer of the block, the charter members directly following the band, their particular banner of white and gold the Club’s colors, with the words “Charter Members Honor and Friendship Club,” as they should be, leading the way. Warden McKenty’s remark, “he could raise a regiment of men who would follow him into battle and make a name for themselves,” appeared to be well based, judging from the appearance in line. The parade broke at the amusement hall, defiled in twos, and with quiet, orderly precision, entered the hall and were quickly seated.       Professor Wiegandt gave a musical treat in an overture, “The Panama Pacific March.” It was well rendered and appreciated. The visitors having entered (and there was a goodly number), the curtain raised and the 1st Section, in accordance with Vice-President A 8432’s remark, were looking at something they never saw before in their lives.       The minstrels (“Curly’s” Minstrels) were, if anything, better this week than last.       “Jud” Johnson and Josh Sterling divided honors as to who was the best and most amusing.       Charles Winston brought down the house    (Continued on page 4.)       (Continued from page 1.)    singing, “Those Prison Blues” (“Curly’s own song), a tumult of applause greeting singer and song.       “Memphis Mose” (Will Brooks) and Philbert Mut (Johnson) were just as funny as last week in “Memphis Mose,” war correspondent.       In the “Coming Champeen,” J. P. (not Pierpont) Morgan, having left the colony, Will Brooks took the character of Doolittle Black, and, with Josh Steward as Alec White, the coming Champeen who have came, did creditable work, and all who were there voted the show good.       When it is understood that this minstrel troupe was conceived by the mind of one man (B 8861, “Curly” Carter) who asked the Warden in a joking manner, “What’s the matter with me getting up a minstrel troupe?” Warden McKenty replying, “Go to it.” “Curly” went from cell to cell until he found twenty-five men who thought they could do something. From this nucleus, by weeding out and adding to, he completed the very creditable whole presented on Saturday—a good minstrel troupe qualified to leave the home theater (but it wo’n’t) tonight and go out and bring back the money (in more than one way). At one time the costumes was a poser, the Honor and Friendship Club came to the fore, voted $50.00 from their treasury, and gave President R. C. McKenty power to go the limit. And maybe our President didn’t hustle, first to buy the cloth, then to get the tailor department to agree to work on it. The costumes were in “Curly’s” head only, therefore he must explain just what was to be done and how to do it, wigs and whiskers, stockings and shirt fronts. Well, he had the tailors working all night. In the meantime “Curly” had bought and donated a new curtain and set scene and made the stage over to fit the new dressings.       Oh, you poor overworked producers outside, who just have to give an order and have it executed, where expense is not to be considered, come to “Curly” Carter and learn what the real worries of a producer are when he is given a pile of old cast-off yellow pine boards that have been used to mix cement on and he turns out 24 respectable minstrel seats, backs on. When coverings entail an expense, he is given a pot of yellow paint and with white he makes each chair bear the Club’s emblem and colors (yellow and gold). But we’d better stop before he gets his head swelled. The gallant members of his troupe, who assisted and stood by him, must be given full credit for all they did, and their success is well earned. With the exception of a possible rainy Saturday, this ends the shows for this season.       Next Saturday baseball will be the diversion, and we will then realize that another summer has begun.       Warden R. C. McKenty, with Inspectors Carver and Dr. Hart, were present and enjoyed the performance.       The sweet, kindly faces of the ladies, who did the Club the honor to give their presence, with their implied friendliness and interest, leaves deep gratitude in the hearts of all.       We noticed first of all Mrs. Warden McKenty, with Mrs. Gowen, a sister of Mrs. McKenty; Mrs. R. C. McKenty, with Mrs. C. Strecher; Dr. and Mrs. Mac Phillips, of Philadelphia; and Mrs. Warren, of Millville, N. J.; Honorary Member, Mrs. Busby, and later our other honorary member and dearest of dear friends (hats off), Miss Mae Russell, made many eyes see clearer by the sight of her in the audience.       Mr. R. C. McKenty, Jr., with the heir apparent on his arm, and accompanied by his wife, were a little late to see all of the performance, but they were amused by what they saw.       Mr. Martin J. Kane, of Philadelphia, and Mr. Jacob R. Jordan, of Moose, Pa., were highly entertained, as was our friend, Mr. Frank Dipple.       The whole were kicking last week when it was known that mention had been made last week that Jimmy Mulligan and Herbert Kraupa were not at the show. They were here, of course they were, and they will come again, we hope, and bring the father.       Next week 2nd Section—9-1-10-11-6-6-G 12-12-1-12-2-8.    —B 7542.    

