---
title: Art Temples of Japan
author: Unknown
issue: 11
volume: 4
year: 1917
month: 15
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE UMPIRE ART TEMPLES OF JAPAN Splendid examples of the marvelous art crafts*of Japan are to be seen in the temples founded by the shoguns of old Japan. An American traveler, visiting the sanctuaries of Shimba, remarks, “One is overwhelmed at each step by the richness of the materials, the prodigality of the decoration, the fineness of details and the solemn magnificence of the entire spectacle.” Idols, or sacred images, as they are sometimes called, are much in evidence. Millions of sculptured Buddhas of all sizes, both wood and stone, embellish the buildings and the temple gardens. There are today more than 200,000 sanctuaries, both Shinto and Buddhist, scattered up and down the island empire. There are 10,000 in and about Kyoto, once the sacred capital of Nippon. For thousands of years it has been a Japanese custom to build a shrine by the roadside where the wayfarer may enter and refresh the soul. Here the rank and file go to pray and woo the favor of the gods. A priest dressed in a long robe of red silk conducts the service, preaching two short sermons for the edification of a handful of women, girls and old men. In the large temples of the cities a company of priests in white, yellow and brown robes takes part in the services, regularly held on the 1st and 15th of the month, usually in the afternoon or evening. The opening hymns are sung, accompanied by flutes and other instruments. Of late years some of the Buddhist leaders have introduced the organ to aid them in making the temple music more pleasing and inspiring. 
