---
title: A Much Needed Reform
author: Unknown
issue: 2
volume: 5
year: 1917
month: 18
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
A MUCH NEEDED REFORM       It would seem to be about time for public attention to be directed to the brutal system of handling untried prisoners and detained witnesses that has been in practice in this county for a long time past. Antiquated, barbaric, inhuman, and against all sense of common decency and modern civilization, were some of the expressions hurled at the Legislative Subjudiciary Committee by prominent citizens in this city at the recent hearing in reference to the proposed house of detention, advocated for persons awaiting trial in this. city.       The committee seemed deeply impressed by the numerous expressions of condemnation of the present method of treating witnesses and untried prisoners, and as a member was heard to remark, “the testimony surely warrants the installation of a modern system in providing for. the untried awaiting trial.”       District Attorney Rotan pointedly remarked that under the present administration of the law even innocent persons arrested on criminal charges, as well as innocent witnesses, unable to procure bail, were dealt with like convicted criminals, being sent to Moyamensing prison. “If this is not a manifested injustice on the face of it, I would like to know what it is,” he declared, “ana it is my firm opinion that the present Legislature should pass the pending measure affording relief, so that all unconvicted persons and witnesses would be treated in a humane and civilized manner.”       Besides the district attorney, there were present a goodly number of lawyers, clergymen and public spirited laymen, who did not hesitate to express their condemnation of existing conditions. The consideration of additional expense, it was asserted, should not enter into the question. Modern ideas of civilization and common decency, it was declared, demanded a change in conditions that would afford accused persons their full civil rights as provided by law.       It is conceded that under the law, a man is assumed innocent until he is proven guilty, and it is against justice to treat him as a criminal until he is properly convicted, averred Judges Martin and Staake. Such a plea would be even more forcible in the case of an innocent witness to a crime, who was held by the court to assure his presence at a trial merely because he was not rich enough or had not friends owning real estate who could go on his bail.       The apparent unanimity of public opinion against a further continuation of the present method of handling witnesses and the untried, than is actually necessary, is so manifest that there can be but little doubt that the Legislative committee will report favorably on the bill to establish a house of detention in this city. 

