---
title: Clearing-House For Derelicts
author: Unknown
issue: 2
volume: 5
year: 1917
month: 18
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
CLEARING-HOUSE FOR DERELICTS       As a matter of no small importance it ought to be understood by the public and the authorities that what is imperatively needed these days is a clearing-house for derelicts, mental and social. Only those familiar with the situation that exists in what is called for lack of better terms the “world of charities and correction”? know the difficulties that confront those who are dealing with those who are in the “twilight zone” of social and potential criminal irresponsibility, says an editorial writer in the Public Ledger.       There are any number of people at loose in the community who need not so much the occasional attention of the societies for organized charity as they do expert examination by specialists in mental diseases, since they belong to a class difficult to reach for whom there is no central clearing-house or socio-mental clinic to which they can be referred for restraint and reform.      Some of these derelicts commit petty offenses and misdemeanors, some of them more felonious crimes. They often are in need of money and employment, but oftener in need of medical advice and treatment. They are hard to deal with, since those who would help them find no agencies existing that exactly meet their needs. They are not exactly “down and out,” and often belong to a social stratum far above that supposedly within the usual experience of the various societies that make some form of physical charity their concern. They are often paranoiacs with a grudge against the world, and, what is worse, more often a spite against specific persons who at times may even have defended them, but who at any moment may be the victims of their deranged desire for some kind of revenge for fancied injury. And, while many may think it otherwise, there is at present actually no state or private organization that is in a position to deal with cases of this kind, although those in charity work and in public life, especially in police circles, know that they exist and not in inconsiderable numbers.       If a clearing-house for defective types of this kind were supported by the state and. city there would be plenty of business for it at once, and its need, as the doctors say, is surely “indicated.” As it is, these “eases” are only looked after now when they commit some overt act, and hence get into the hands of the police, who in many ways are as helpless to handle them properly as is the unorganized community.   




