---
title: The Test That Tells
author: Unknown
issue: 2
volume: 5
year: 1917
month: 18
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE TEST THAT TELLS       There are ways of measuring money and machinery that are accurate to the decimal point. One judges a fruit tree by its fruit and a racehorse by its speed. Men have established, and abide by certain fixed standards, with which they compare the things that they would measure. So itis not at all strange that from time to time the philosophizing mind of men comes back to that fascinating subject, “the measure of a man,” says a writer in New Era.       Some people judge men by birth or education. Some substitute for the questions, “who are you?” and “who was your grandfather?” the questions, “what do you know?” and “what can you do?” Some set up standards of wealth and some of culture. Some make religious or moral or ethical distinctions. And every now and then someone attempts to systematize these various criteria of personality.       Then they formulate their rules. They would judge a man by what he is or was or will be by what he has or had or will have; by what he does or did or will do; perhaps “by what he can be, can have or can do. They make other and various suggestions.       But whether they are psychologists or doctors, teachers, preachers or businessmen, they never succeed in perfecting universal, abiding, accurate standards. For a man is not a machine; a man is more than mind; a man is a being with desires and a will. And the real test of a man, the test that tells, is a test that takes in what he is and has and does, and what he can do, or can be; a test that takes into account every ounce of nerve and will and brain and blood and emotion, and at the same time, is the simplest test that could be made.       But one man can really make this test, and that is the man himself. But one man can get the greatest profit from it. But one man can understand it.       The thing it concerns is fundamental. It is the motive power of ages, the impelling force of masters. It is almost too sacred to put thus into cold type. For every man it includes the things that in his innermost heart he yearns to be, to know, to have, to do. It includes the thing or things that he wants so much that nothing else matters. For he usually can have any such things. The test ‘that tells is not so much what a man knows ‘as what he wants. That tells just what he is and governs what he does.      Sentimental, this, yes. But practical, intensely practical. Talk it over with yourself and you will see. 


