---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7542
issue: 9
volume: 5
year: 1917
month: 19
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES       Old home day on “the Hill’? was the name given to the outing on Saturday, and regardless of weather conditions, the members enjoyed themselves. Promptly at 12:45 P. M. the members were called forth, and quickly falling in line of fours, with the American flag on the lead, the large flag borne by four members, and Di Massi with the Italian flag floating in the breeze, a small American flag perched on the pole showing he is an American above all, then Professor Wiegandt with the full brass band each man of whom, with Professor Wiegandt as their leader, offered their services to the country on Friday last. Then the honorary members and the blocks in order, the whole led by Vice-President A 8432, the officers and Board of Governors.       It was a stirring sight to see them with true martial bearing, each block’s banner floating bravely in the air. Twice around they went. The day was one of those dirty wet days when the sky threatened and the air was raw and cold. It was therefore decided at the last moment to take the Hall. The decision was made on the moment, and therefore no arrangements for any elaborate amusement could be made. President R. C. McKenty explained this, and announced that he had to call on our old friend “Curly” to provide the amusement, and right royally did “Curly” respond.       After Professor Wiegandt played several patriotic airs, in which he used the American flag as a baton, its beautiful colors waving to and fro as he directed the band, and during the playing the Warden entered the Hall.       When the enthusiasm for the music had subsided, President R. C. McKenty explained the program, Vice-President A 8432 gave a few remarks and the curtain rolled up. Immediately came “Curly,” who announced that he had to substitute one of his singers for one who was known to all. This substitute would sing a solo entitled “Old Black Joe,” and the entire audience was expected to join in the chorus.    (Continued on page 4.)       




