---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7542
issue: 16
volume: 5
year: 1917
month: 20
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES The bevy of visitors, including the pretty gowned ladies, who assembled at the exit on Saturday afternoon to watch the “Robert J. McKenty Reserves,” otherwise known as the 2nd Section H. F. C., march past in review were unanimous in the opinion of one, “What a shame; such a fine body of men, and they march so well! Why couldn’t they go forth and enlist, when the country is calling for men?” Unaware of this complimentary talk the men swung past, eyes left and hats doffed in salute, as the visitors uncovered in the presence of “Old Glory.” The procession halted before the Warden, President R. C. McKenty and the visitors, while Professor Wiegandt gave a concert march, the band performing “Stars and Stripes Forever.” It finished, and again the march was taken up and it was a gala day for all, marching twice around the grounds to finally pass in review before the officers and Board of Governors of the Club, to decide as to which block marched the best. There was a marked improvement in the line this week. The 12th, 11th and 6th galleries were exceptionally good, but when the 1st came by, which, by the way, was last in line, there was nothing left to think about but the fine marching and perfect lineup, and the award went to them. Several times the onlookers applauded these fine marchers, and by right of merit the 1st Block is the banner marching block at this date. Di Massi had all the Italian contingent march together after the beautiful Italian flag, and as their Captain, Di Massi made a hit. Our old friend Dan the Clown had a prominent place in the parade. In his humorous clown suit, with a drum major’s staff, he led the band, his comical gestures giving many laughs. Instead of using grease paint to mark his face, some one used paint from the paint shop, and Dan had some trouble in removing it. The beautiful American flag that led the procession was bought by the individual members of the 7th Block with contributions; and while it is the property of the members of the H. F. C. of the 7th Block and not the property of the Club, it is understood that it will be carried each week by a member of the 7th, so we will see its dear old stars and stripes in the parade whenever we are there. A member of the 8th Block was heard to say, “That’s nothing; just wait until you see ours.” All right, 8th, we wait; make good. The game that followed the march was between the Gardeners and the Coalyard Cubs, and at times there was good ball played. The score was 6 to 4 in favor of the Gardeners... Then a scrub game was played, which ended with the bugle calling the pleasure-seekers to quarters. While the game was in progress the band opened the concert season on the band stand erected on the 6th Block lawn. Several new members were on the program, among which were “U. S. National March,” “The National Emblem,” and other patriotic airs were enjoyed, the whole repertoire of Professor Wiegandt being filled with patriotic music of some kind. One was reminded of a country fair, watching the fellows here and there walking back and forth while “Little Harry,” from the 7th Gallery, with a true fair fakir “spiel” was urging the crowds to buy his little flags, while slipping an occasional sleight of hand trick to hold his crowd. Other fellows were plying the wares they had made during the week, and while the sales were not big, very little (if any) money was seen to change hands, the whole gave color to the scene and lifted the mind from both condition and environment. Vice-President A 8432 was in evidence with a word of advice here and a remark there. He can’t get over pinning those buttons on the Ladies’ Auxiliary, and when you put up two fingers Pete blushes. Sam had hold of the drum sticks in the concert and sat beside “Curly,” both with their drums. Bye the by, get a look at that sculptor stuff “Curly” is pulling off. “Gon-na, start a school; we hear of so lots of students, ‘Curly’.There has been much during the week to encourage the members of the Club. Four members (B 7906, 7907, 8235 and 8251) all have left on parole with the good wishes of all and the hope that they will make good B 6084, who left March 30th, and is making good, sent back the $2.50 the Club loaned him, with best wishes to the members. This is the kind of news the Club likes to publish. We hope in the near future to make public news that will cheer the heart of every member. Let every one push his little pound and boost. Never lose sight of the fact that it is to the Warden we owe our privileges, be justly thankful for what we have, show it; and more will follow.The population on Sunday was Male, 1423; Females 28. Total, 1451. Last Number, B 8710. Saturday, May 19th, 1st Sec. 5G - 7. 7G. 4G 4. 5-3.—B 7542
