---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7542
issue: 11
volume: 7
year: 1917
month: 27
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES On Independence Day it was noted that although the different blocks and galleries had their flags, the Red Cross also, and Di Massi the Italian flag, the Club did not have an American flag for its very own. It was then that “Curly” suggested buying a flag, and to use his words, “Get a good one, too.” Pete and “Curly,” with the Secretary, being the only members of the finance committee present, they held a meeting, decided on the cost, then called in “Father Rube” to “Get a flag, get a good one, and get it quick.” Then Overseer Bob Myers and Rube rushed out to Frank C. Kenyon’s (anyone would willingly have gone with him), explained what they wanted, and within the hour the Club was the owner of the finest flag that floats— ”Old Glory.“ Behind this beautiful flag, with the 7th Gallery by its side, marched the Club. Our. president, Mr. R. C. McKenty, marched side by side with Pete (A 8432), then the secretary and treasurer, and members of the Board of Governors. Professor Wiegandt is on his vacation, and the full brass band was in charge of Jack Evans, who ably filled the bill, and the time and music was applauded by all. Especially did Jack have his band in hand when it passed the reviewing-stand. The Warden and visitors applauded and spoke high words of praise. As each block of men passed and saluted, it was noted how erect and soldierly was their carriage, the bugle corps directly ahead of the Red Cross squad, then as though to signal a tragedy, a man was seen to pause, stumble, and then fall. Before the Warden could reach the prostrate form, the first aid of the Red Cross was on the scene, gathered him up, and placed him on a stretcher, and proceeded to apply first aid. Someone a little more versed in massage happened to push his finger in the sick man’s ribs, and with a loud “ha, ha, ha!” Dan Carmichael opened his eyes and said, “Don’t tickle me.” Yes, Dan had pulled off another of his clown tricks. He was carried to the the 9th Block, where he was unceremoniously dumped on the hard ground. There was a dispute as to which block in the line marched the best, and it was finally decided that the 11th Block was the prize winner this week. There’s no place like home. An innovation was created on Saturday. At the suggestion of “Curly,” Jack Evans assembled his band in a circle around all of the flags, the big American flag in the center. Then, while the members came from the blocks and were forming, the band played patriotic airs. The sight was inspiring, and it resembled the opening of a big: convention. This will be continued when the men are forming in line. After marching twice around, the line broke at the Garage and the orchestra settled on the band stand while the much talked of game between the officers and delegates was played. It was some game, too. With the officers was Nick and Rube, Big George, who dogged it, and little Jimmie substituted at short, Charlie dogs on first, Doc second, with no one on third. The librarian said he played there; then there was Pete in the left field, but he kept in the right, because it was shady. Happy should have been right. Nick was slated for catcher, but he saw the first curve on Rube’s pitching, after which he quit cold and was placed in center field, while Jerry from the 11th substituted.The other lineup (delegates) were Mack, catcher; Hook, pitcher; Scotty, first; the Little Big Baby, short (not Jimmy Double-O) ; B 8271, second; Tommy, from the “con” yard, third; Walter, left field, Brown, center field, and Charlie, right field. Fritz umpired, and he did the best he could, but for all that the officers, after some bright plays and heavy batting and splendid team work, won by a score of 12 to 10, even after the delegates had put Jacoby in as a substitute and he punctured the air with a skyrocket over the 6th Block, but it made no difference, for the best team won. We also received $3.10 from B 5639, who borrowed on Tuesday and’ paid on Friday. This is man-like. He came to the gate as a man should, got what he desired, and came to the gate as a man and paid up. Yes, he is on the right road. Pete is doing his “bit” all right, between the croquet grounds, straightening out the grounds, attending board meetings, and playing baseball, with leading the band, and singing in the choir. His song is, “Gee, what a lucky guy; nothing to do till. tomorrow.” He made two runs Saturday without accident. Nick made a run, too, and so did Rube, and speaking of runs and things, Doc made a run. Jerry was a surprise behind the bat. Mac, for the delegates, showed some class as a catcher. But what a fink was Clint Brooks. Baseball? No, ping-pong for his. A vote of thanks to Warden McKenty for the privileges he extended the H. F. C. Senator Gramsbach was an interested visitor, and with “Father Rube” as his escort, observed everything of interest. He paid close attention to the orchestra, and he pronounced it fine. His remark after it was finished was “Fine; I have enjoyed myself.” One more convert to the humane methods of Warden McKenty’s treatment of men. Sunday afternoon, three fine young marines in the pride of their early manhood, were introduced to the Secretary by Warden McKenty’s son. Fine fellows, each of them upstanding and clean; each one ready and eager to go to France. Sam escorted them through the institution, listening with keen approval to. their hopes and plans. The fear of actual war played no part with these hardy young chaps, but the mystery of the silent submarine, the “tiger of the water,” was forever before them. May it please God to give them safe conduct and bring them back with the other American boys, or else give them a glorious soldier’s death. A special meeting of the Finance Committee was called at 12:30 p. m. Monday to act on the case of the burial of a child of Mrs. Symonett, who is the wife of one of the members. This is the second bereavement of this sad nature to occur to this family and the President, R. C. McKenty, was authorized to attend to the details of the funeral, and the expense is to be borne by the Honor and Friendship Club. July 14th, the, 4—5—5G,—7B, 7G, 4G, 3 B. —B7542, Secretary. 
