---
title: Year in Brief for 1917
year: 1917
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Year in Brief for 1917      The Umpire   Editor: B-7413   Year in 1917      Summary of Types of Articles   Many different types of articles were printed in the Umpire. There were articles relating to Eastern State, other prisons, penology, inspirational moral editorials, creative pieces, and random facts. Most often on the front page were articles relating to Eastern State, in the sense of events that have happened or visitors who came in the past week, news about other similar prisons, and important issues in penology, such as the one-third bill (Unique ID 2267). The second page always had the publication information in the top left-hand corner and an inspirational quote for the week. In the top right-hand corner was a list of where the religious services would be held and at what times. The articles on the second page often coincided with the theme of the quote and were of more spiritual and morally didactic in nature. The number of articles on this page ranged on average from three to five articles. The third page had the most random assortment of articles. Poems and interesting facts are found on this page. Almost all of the articles were outside news and sometimes about far-away places. The fourth and last page was mostly dedicated to the prisoners at Eastern State. The Honor Club Notes, the notes from the Secretary of the Honor and Friendship Club were posted here, along with the For Sale section (which seldom changed), the baseball scores (when in season), and notes from the Warden or others.       Baseball   The baseball games of 1917 were recorded from May 2, 1917 until September 26, 1917. The baseball scores were posted on the front page with a small summary of the game and also the box score. The players were referred to by their nicknames. The standings of the ESP teams and also professional league teams were printed on the last page before the Honor Club Notes.      Works Written by Incarcerated People   There were at least fourteen creative works in The Umpire for 1917, which were either editorials or poems. The poems were about life in Eastern State, the mental anguish of being incarcerated, or about activities at the prison.       The Effect of WWI   Although it was never explicitly mentioned, the entry of the United States into the war in April 1917 had a noticeable impact on The Umpire. There was not an article about it, but the tone of the paper changed. There were more and more articles about articles concerning the war. Some articles, like the one written by B-8261, which made incarcerated people think of themselves in relation to those overseas fighting in the war (2374). B-7387 wrote a poem expressing his fervent desire for revenge against the sinkers of the Lusitania. (2624) Eugene Simonin visited ESP to tell the prisoners about what it is like to be in the War on Monday July 2, 1917 (2628). He showed them artifacts from his war experience and told stories of fighting alongside the Senegalese enlisted French soldiers. He was made an honorary member of the HFC.      Honor and Friendship Club   At the beginning of 1917, the Honor and Friendship Club (HFC) celebrated its second anniversary of existence, the idea that came from B-5888 (1385). The HFC was an honor roll type establishment, which required an application that had to be approved. Honor Club activities were held on Saturdays in the afternoon. The motto of the HFC was:   Hope: that it's all for the best; and that some day, when we've done our little "bit," and learned our little lesson, we'll settle down, and stop trying o be a "devil" in somebody else's home--or town: Faith: that things can't be as bad as they seem; and that we're not licked yet, even though the Referee has counted 'ten," or maybe, "twenty" on us: Charity: for all, even on Fridays (3112).   There was almost always some form of entertainment, usually guest acts came to perform vaudeville and a film was typically shown. Weather permitting, Vice President A-8432 lead the HFC around the inside of the walls at least twice. The ESP Band played with Prof. A. F. Wiegandt as the conductor. During baseball season, the incarcerated people often played each other by block or by team. Each week at the end of the Notes, it was written which members were allowed outside the following week. Not all members were allowed to participate in activities at the same time. It seems that only the officers were allowed outside each week. There was the Women’s Auxiliary to the Club, which was comprised of women from cellblock 2, and they did not engage in the same activities as the male members. The Club was organized with a faculty President, Vice President, Secretary, and Treasurer. Women were allowed to be in the HFC as a part of the Women’s Auxiliary. Freda Frost (B-6935) was a part of the HFC and wrote an article for the paper (3084). Something notable is that when member John Pioiski (B-7992) died, the HFC held a funeral procession in his honor (2718). Pioiski was buried in Blockley Baptist Cemetery, which unfortunately has been moved from its prior location of 53rd Street below Wyalusing.   The President since the inception of the club was Reuben C. McKenty, who presided over the club meetings (3075). The Vice President was A-8432 and the Treasurer was B-7983. The Secretary for the first half of the year was B-7542. His droll and sarcastic writing style was very straight forward and to the point. However, on August 9, 1917, a special election was held to determine the new Secretary for the Club. B-8762 was elected to the position, even though B-8266 wrote the Honor Club Notes in The Umpire. By October 31, 1917, B-8762 resigned from being the Secretary to only be a Board member. B-8266 was unanimously elected as the replacement. B-8266 took his position very seriously, he wrote a poem about the HFC, and had a very flowery way of writing the notes (2717). Each cellblock had a delegate for the HFC and their meetings were on Tuesdays. The Board of Governors was also made up of prisoners (2949). The total for the treasury by December 12, 1917 (the last record for the treasury) was $105.40 (3087).   

