---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7542
issue: 14
volume: 3
year: 1917
month: 11
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Honor Club Notes   With the breezes of spring wafting through the open windows, and with no ugly iron bars to impede or disturb its course, the members of the Honor and Friendship Club enjoyed another performance of the 1XL brand. Some of our old friends returned to entertain the 1st Section, and the pleasure of their former appearance well enhanced by their kindness in again entertaining.   Professor Wiegandt wielded the baton with the zest that makes him a leader of the first class, while the members of the H. F. C. orchestra responded with the best they had, with the result that when the overture burst forth every one was pleased and returned a hearty applause in appreciation. Vice-President A 8432, considered that the members were advanced to that degree in conduct that any admonition on his part was unnecessary, and to prove his confidence he made no address, with the result he foretold, as not a single case of breach of rules was reported.   ''Shell 43'' was the film this week,with H. B. Warner in the star role. The atmos- phere of war that filled the room-a touch of love, and the mystery of the Secret Service Department of the Great Country-held the interest of all, while frequent bursts of ap- plause gave vent to deep interest; now and again a sigh or audible sob was heard when a situation became too appealing. Yes, it was fine, very fine, and those who saw it united in saying, ''One of the best Mr. Kraupa has given us."   Mr. "Tony" Ross sang, with suitable picture slides, two songs; first, "Why Do You Make Me Care?" His tenor voice was sweet and appealing and was well received. On encore he sang ''Silver Threads Among the Gold." The applause was long and lasting.   Miss Mae Russell then announced ''Baby'' Lyons, a young friend who appeared some   (Continued on page 4.)      (Continued from page 1.)   weeks since. ''Baby'' Lyons has the making of a good vaudeville artist and some day we hope to see her name in the brightest lights of "The Great White Way." She was well received and roundly applauded.   Another of our friends appeared again, Austin and Carvin. This team must be classed as a star act of the highest order. Their dancing is clever and perfectly exe- cuted. The good singing of Miss Austin, with her splendid dancing, is ably backed by her partner, Mr. Carvin. The well-deserved applause, two encores and a curtain-call, must have satisfied both.   Harry Baker, with a musical act, was the next entertainer. With a banjo and saxophone it would be difficult to find anything better than Mr. Baker, and appreciation was shown by the hearty applause.   Mlle. LaRose was with us again and the fun promoted by this artist was not one par- ticle less than that of last week. There was some guessing as to the sex of "The Rose" until the wig exposed the respectable bald head; then the applause was thunderous.   Miss Russell announced Cary and Cotter, Philadelphia, [___?], and we had one clever work from two clever artists. Their quips were clean-cut and to the point and were caught right off the bat by the audience. Mr. Cotter gave a good presentation of dancing a clog with the feet, while sitting on a chair. Difficult and perfect, and the audience applauded him to the echo.   "The Sheriff of Dauphin County," alias Billy Davis, was announced by Miss Russell, and every one sat up and took notice. When Mr. Davis appeared and did his turn the fun and laughs began with his first words, and there was not a moment thereafter without a laugh while he was on the stage. Again was Mr. Davis pronounced in the premier class of entertainers.   The performance in vaudeville closed with the Bennie Franklin Tots (8). Just as sweet, just as clever, just as fine as the last time they were here. That youngest member-oh say, every one who has looked on that dear wee elf, knows what the feeling is to place your hand on her head and say, ''Won- derful, you little mite; you are just wonder- ful." So insistent was the applause that the three came on and sang a patriotic song. It must have been gratifying to the ''Tots,'' the mother and to Bennie Franklin (he of Du- mont's) to hear the thunder of applause after their act. Yes, the Bennie Franklin Tots are fine, very fine, splendid!   "Pills of Peril" was the closing film, and it was well appreciated. The comical situa- tions of the doctor and the general conditions throughout the story as filmed put every one in a good humor and we left the hall a satis- fied and happy crowd, thankful to Miss Mae Russell, thankful to Mr. Kraupa, thankful to Jimmie Mulligan, but above all thankful to Warden McKenty for making it possible for the members of the H. F. C. to see such a  performance and enjoy the conditions that exist here today.   The members of the E. S. P. were gratified to see Warden McKen ty come in the hall. Especially were they gratified to note State Senator Gramsbach with the Warden and ob- serve the keen notice with which the Senator observed the orderly manner in which every- thing was conducted. With legislation before the House of Legislature of such great inter- est to each and every member, the firsthand knowledge of just the kind of men the bill means to help is necessary and will doubtless have a bearing when he is called on to either vote or influence his fellow-senators. Thanks to the Senator for the visit, and thanks to the Warden for bringing the Senator.   Mrs. Levering, of Haddon Heights, and her: son were guests of Mrs. Warden McKenty, and the enjoyment of the party, evidenced by hearty laughter at times, was gratifying to all. Mrs. R. C. McKenty and Miss Elsie McKenty graced the performance with their presence. President R. C. McKenty, Mr. William and Robert J. McKenty, Jr., enjoyed themselves. Mr. Dipple was there and had as his guest Mr. W. M. J. McGarity, of the Penn Paper and Stock Company.   Mrs. Alice Buzby, of Philadelphia, a guest of Miss Mae Russell, was a pleased spectator. Mrs. Buzby is an honorary member of the H. F. C. Of interest to every member of the H. F. C. is the knowledge that Mr. Farmer and Mr. Edward Mercer gave a lecture on Friday afternoon in the hall and were invited to give an address before the members at an early date.   Mr. Farmer is a reformed convict who has served eighteen years of his life in different penitentiaries through the world, then decid- ed there was a chance for him to make good, and with this idea firm in his mind he became converted by the Jerry McCauley Mission, New York City, and step by step gained his way until now, after sixteen years, President Wil- son does him proud and takes him by the hand, even invites him to the White House. It's easily understood, for a work from this   man is of interest to all, and those who can should come and hear him. Mr. Mercer, through Mr. Farmer, was converted in a like manner although not lifted from the depths reached by Mr. Farmer.   Miss Dupree and _ Mrs. Bartlett, King's Daughters, two well-wishers of the H. F. C., introduced the speakers. Upon request Mr. Farmer and Mr. Mercer were mad:) hon- orary members of · the H. F. C. They ex- pressed a desire to communicate with any man they can help to rehabilitate himself and take his place as a man in the outside world.   On March 10th Mr. Kraupa, from the stage, notified the members of the 2nd Sec- tion that on March 17th will be held the last performance of the season for the 2nd Sec- tion. Saturday Mr. Kraupa notified the lst Section that March 24th will be the last per- formance for Section 1.  The object of this notice was to request that each member who could afford to do so, would make a contribution and raise a fund to be used next Christmas with which to purchase gifts for the children.   Since October the members of the H. F. C. have been entertained with motion pic- tures of the highest class to be secured by Mr. Kraupa, of the Monarch Film Company. In addition they have enjoyed vaudeville tal- ent second to none on any stage, presented by Miss Mae Russell, of the Kline Booking Agency. These two friends of the Club have given their presence and their efforts each Satur- day afternoon to coming out here, and using their persuasion to bringing high-class talent - people who are drawing high salaries for performing precisely the same as that which they perform for the H. F. C. Nothing can overestimate . the result of this gratuitous effort with not one thing but the interest in the uplift of their fellowman to repay them. Nearing the finish these friends do not make one request for themselves; the sa tidaction of a deed well done is sufficient for them, but the:v wish to aid us further to aid ourselves by requesting each member to contribute that which he can toward the Xmas Kiddie Fund for 1917. It may be your child who will benefit through this. If not your child, then for sure some other man's child will benefit by you.   Then give what you can to the "Kris Kiddie Fund,''   No matter, a dime or a penny;   Remember that many can always help one, Where one can not always help many.   Do not go broke, but if you have to decide between making a sacrifice and giving to the fund, make the sacrifice and give to the fund.   The delegate on your block or gallery will call during the week and learn what you will donate. You will be given a transfer on Saturday with your ticket, which you will hand to Miss Russell at the proper time.   March 17th, 2nd Section-8 B, 9 B, 10 B, 11B, 1B, 12B, 2-1G, 12-2G, 6G, 6 B.   -B 7542.         


