---
title: Placing the Blame
author: Unknown
issue: 14
volume: 3
year: 1917
month: 11
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Placing the Blame   Undoubtedly the recent verdict of $5,000 by a local jury against the proprietor of a sa- loon in this city, for selling one of his cus- tomers an over supply of liquor, which ultimately lead to his death, will have a sobering effect upon the liquor dealers who permit unfortunate men of weak disposition imbib- ing too freely with the "stuff" that makes for their undoing-.   In this case the victim was an unfortunate workingman earning about fifteen dollars per weeK, and, though married and having a growing family to support, he was ·tempted to spend much of his hard earned wages in the saloon from which he walked and fell, fracturing his skull. He was picked up, car- ried to his his home, and shortly after died.   What a shock this must have been to this man's wife and family! Deprived of hus- band and father through the direct came of drink, it would seem little enough that his   family should receive an award of $5,000 against the man who sold the booze to the unfortunate victim.   We do not usually discuss cases of this trend in our columns, for various reasons. But this instance was of such a direct nature against the liquor seller as to justify more than passing notice from even a prison pa- per.   No doubt that more such verdicts in the future will do more for the cause of temper- ance than a plethora of sermonizing, for it places the liquor dealers on the alert for moderation in the consumption of alcoholic drinks. Though we have a high-license law in operation, which makes disorder and im- proper conduct in drinking-places adequate grounds for the forfeiture of a license, and it has largely reduced the number of cases of drunkenness within the cities of this state still men are not always easily restrained if they are allowed to have an excess of booze aboard to minimize their self-control.   The time is fast approaching when the keepers of drinking resorts will realize that they are to be held to an account for the lives of those who drink at their bars, and when they do, undoubtedly they will endeavor to see that their customers are not allow- ed an over supply.   From general appearances it would seem that the saloon business is on the decline and its future rather dubious, but when con- ducted with more wisdom and foresight, and many of its objectionable features are re- duced to a minimum, perhaps it may be able to withstand the growing sentiment of public disapproval which now seems to prevail against it.      




