---
title: Kindness to Our Fellow-Man
author: B-7401
issue: 14
volume: 3
year: 1917
month: 11
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Kindness to Our Fellow-ManIt is in our power to make our fellow-traveler forget the hardness of the road and the blazing of the sun by the simplest of all means: friendly words and friendly acts as he passes; words and acts which cost nothing but are perhaps everything to him, which in an hour we have forgotten, but which he will remember till the setting of the sun. Many of our trials in life are of course inevi- table and can not be avoided, but one's life could be made much easier if every one of us bethought ourselves a little bit of our neigh- bor and did our little part to cheer him up on the road.The heaviest weight of a man's sorrow in life is not this or that unfortunate incident over which he grieves, but it is the hardness, the thoughtlessness, the want of generosity, or want of sympathy of his fellow-man. Though we can not relieve our brother of the fatigue and weariness of his journey, nor carry for him the burden which is bending down his soul and beneath which he is apt to sink, it eases his mind and calms his throb- bing heart when he realizes that a human heart is beating with the thought of his lone- liness; for no man can endure his sorrow alone, not even Jesus Christ, whom we re- member took Disciples with Him into the gar- den in His hour of sorrow and agony: Whenever possible, why not shake hands with a brother man and wish him God-speed? He may have temptations that afternoon and the grip of your hand will help him at the crisis. Pass no man whom you see and know without some greeting. Take the time to render somelittle service, as it will surely come back to you ln some way. When any one is lifted above kindness he is either too good or too bad to live.There is too much of the Public Fountain kindness, the public charities of d8tached givers; too little share-my-loaf-of-bread kind- ness, the ministry of personal interest. Why is it that many celebrated and generous phil- anthropists have honors from the churches and titles from the state; fame in religious journals and the applause of packed meet- ings, and yet no man will say that he is loved; even his own servants, who are near- est to him, detest his name'! How is it that another man who has not had the opportunity of rendering such public benefactions, and whose "fame runneth not abroad throughout the land,'' is ofttimes regarded with such kindly respect that no one has a word to say against him and every one mentions his name with kindly accents? Ask the clerks in his office whom he befriends through health and sickness, with whose affairs he is acquainted and whose future he advances and whose heart he has won by innumerable acts of thoughtful kindness; ask the workmen in 'his manufactory, their wives and their children to whom he has been doing good and not evil all these years. That is why the one man is detested, because he is hard; and the other is loved, because he is brotherly.Both men shall have their reward, for the Providence of God is just. "Whatsoever a man soweth that also shall he reap." For his public and ostentatious benefactions "the Pharisee shall have his high place in the syn- agogue" and the applause of other Pharisees in the market -place. For his kindness untothose whom God has placed under his charge and at his door the good Samaritan shall have unaffected gratitude of unknown and voiceless people whom he has blessed and beyond that, a reward stored and accumulated awaiting him in the world to come. Goodhearted man and simpleminded, he forgets the charitable act a s soon as it is rendered and perhaps could not tell, even to save his life, how many weary travelers he has helped. But his record 1s m the Heavens and there is One who does not forget. The day is coming when these modest and nameless deeds of kindness shall all be laid to his charge before anges and men ... When he begins to deny them in his humility he shall be covered with joyful confusion: for behold the traveler with whom he shared his bread, the struggling clerk, the helpless widow, the toiling work- man, are now Judges upon the throne. For inasmuch as he did it to the least of these he did it unto Christ. B 7401.
