---
title: The Growing Demand for Better Band Music
author: B-8361
issue: 14
volume: 3
year: 1917
month: 11
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
   During the last few years there has been a e decided awakening for concert music throughout the entire country. Many corporations and firms have signified their willingness to cooperate in the furtherance of bands in communities which concern them the most by fostering and maintaining some excellent organizations which in fact can be classed among the most popular bands in the country. Composed of men who are employed in the mills, factories, mines, railroad shops, department stores, etc., pleasure and entertain- ment are afforded their fellow-employes and families, as well as the entire community which possibly could not be brought about in   any other way. Employers have found an admirable way of expressing to their employes the loyalties and friendship they feel towards them by launching various welfare projects,   and where a good concert band has been pro- vided it is easily found to be one of the best (if not the best) features of the entire pro- ject, because it interests practically every person, employer and employe, with its resultant mutual benefit in combining work and pleasure has gradually brought about a truer conception which the term implies, and music, especially band music, has found one more of its rightful places-in the hearts of men who toil.   Now you boys that are aspiring to become musicians read the above over carefully also this ad.      Positions, now open in a live town for machinists, moulders, millwrights, paper-makers, and electricians following instru- ments: Flute and Piecolo, Eb and Bb Clarion- ets, 1 good Bb Cornet, Altos, Tuba, Snare Drum. Other good musicians write. Knock- ers and boozers save stamps.   Now the question comes to the Cons mind can I get one of these jobs, after leaving prison, yes you can and the following letters will prove it, written by people who knew when they wrote them, that they were going to hire ex-convicts,      Dated Ada, Okla. 2, 22nd '17    B 8361   Dear Sir:   Replying to yours of the 17 inst. Could use two of the men you mention at fifteen dollars a week and furnish them rooms free on a special car I carry for my colored performers, provided that they are performers etc. (and further it says) While the writer has never been in prison or even a jail, I realize that a fellow surely a spark of manhood and profited by such an experience and recall wishes to do right etc. -Signed - Ross A. Dano.   Then here another one.       B 8361   Dear Sir:   Your letter of the 17th to hand and in reply will state that if I can be of any assistance to the cause that you refer to in your letter, I will try and use one of your men that play in the band. Although I have already engag- ed my band, etc. -Signed-J. Stanley Roberts.      Here’s a corker from a friend, indeed.   Eastern State Penitentiary, Phila., Pa.,   B 8361:   Dear Sir:   Yours of Feb. 17th to hand contents noted and will say that your letter interests me very much and I will also say that I think it is one of the greatest things I ever heard tell of and should be continued and upheld by everyone concerned. I know myself as does others that will only stop to think that there are good and bad out of iail as well as in. Now then to business. If I understand you correctly you have men drilled and thoroughly rehearsed so they are capable of entertaining the pub- lic. If such is the case, and we can come to an understanding, I could use two good com- edians, that have good voices and play string instruments Banjo Players preferred, I also might be able to place Twelve or Fourteen piece brass Band that can play standard music, any and all men that I employ must be free from drug habits and be sober at all times.   If you can fulfill my requirements, Kindly let me know by return mail, what such people would cost me and how long a time would I have to wait before People could join.   Signed-W. T. Harrington Mgr.      Then still here is another.   B 8361:   Dear Sir:   Replying to yours of the 17th will say if you will let me know just what your men can do I will use several on my show.   Futhermore you can rest assured that no one will know of their past. - Signed-H. W.   Campbell.      Now I could continue on with letters like these, but space won't allow me to do so if you want further particulars drop me a note through your Overseer, and I will call on you. Boys the crying talk about nobody wants a Con. is all wrong, it is just food for a few reformers so they will have something to work on, but it's up to yourselves to make good when you get the jobs. The jails ·would not hold all the ones that should be there, so take heart and don't get discouraged, put in your time reading and studying. The people outside know that you are human, save up your money, don't let a lot of thieving lawyers   bull you that they can get you Pardons for ten cents, be a man take your jolt, you play- ed the fiddle now dance.   One of the worst hold-backs on the Con after leaving jail is that he is thrown right back among the people that know he has serv- ed a bit in the penitentiary, -they keep away from you and shun you which breaks a fel- low 's heart, so then you have an excuse, but we can remedy it as you get a job in any part of these United States, and be respected, with your past buried behind these walls. You think not? Well try me and I'll prove it to you. - B 8361.   
