---
title: Going the Rounds
author: Unknown
issue: 21
volume: 3
year: 1917
month: 12
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
GOING THE ROUNDS    Food riots on the outside. You ought to be glad you’re living.    ***    Baseball chirups are growing louder with the approach of spring.    ***    News reports announce the death of a woman, at the age of 107 years, who never rode on a railroad train. A daughter of 81 years survives. Some chicken!    * * *    The famous operatic contralto, Madam Schumar-Heink, recently injured in a taxicab accident, is now said to be out of danger, though two ribs were broken.    ***   It is announced that the calendar of the State Board of Pardons for today contains seventeen new cases, seven of which are for rehearing.    ***   The U-boats have evidently put the “kibosh” on England’s bluff, as clogs are now worn by British pupils and Lloyd-George has “put up an awful holler.”    * * *    The invasion of 25,000 colored aristocrats from the South, in this city, has caused the local authorities to bestir themselves to find housing facilities for the host of workers.    * * *    Four dollars a bushel for potatoes seems to be about the limit, but a local dealer calmly assures us that. “the worst is yet to come.” “We should worry?” No, “let George do it.”   ***   Some say that “the way of the transgressor is hard.” If you have any doubt about it, just try to focus your optics upon the man released from the “pen” after serving five years or more and note the various strange antics he goes through to again get his bearings in the outer world.       


