---
title: The Practice Of Lying
author: B-8495
issue: 21
volume: 3
year: 1917
month: 12
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE PRACTISE OF LYING    To the tendency of lying we can safely ascribe the incipiency of nearly all that we have to deplore. It is an evil that steals into our habits by a very delicate imperceptibility, yet it settles itself with an encroaching persistency that renders a large percentage of mankind nearly unqualified to tell the truth.       In its early stages the habit may seem very mild and commonplace; it may even flatter us to the point of what we imagine to be our personal shrewdness; but it acts upon the mind as alcohol on the appetite, gradually consuming the sense of reason until it becomes the central attraction to all of its graver consequences.       Perhaps it would be well to have this subject applied to man in general and to prisoners in particular. Not, however, from an idea that they are more given to exaggeration than the average man, but because they stand in greater need of that peace of mind which emanates from a personal consciousness of their own veracity.       There is little justification in a lie, and a victory won from its circulation will only serve to intensify the disappointment of a greater defeat. Its undermining effects are the same with nations and empires as it is with the individual who builds his hopes upon the foundation of pretense.       Upon fully realizing the detrimental effects of an untruthful life, I’ve tried to repel the evil by way of experiment, and I find the results have been wonderfully effective. While the truth may not enhance our material wealth and may leave us even less popular with our friends, yet it affords a better prospect in its returns than both wealth and popularity combined.       Nearly every man has some little incident in his life which he would like to keep hidden, but the practice of lying to conceal it will create a condition more repulsive than a candid admission of the truth would have done. One lie necessitates the invention of another until the whole mind is absorbed in the thoughts and notions of makeshift.       If the details in a case are of such a nature as to meet with a reluctancy of disclosure, its discussion should be declined with a candid frankness; but the average prisoner is so fond of referring to his case that he is prone to exaggerate and falsify the nature of his statements. Indeed, he frequently draws on his imagination to patch up a poor story until it looks more like a homely caricature than it does like the real, and is as much disgusting to his auditor as it is detrimental to himself.       Extravagant exaggeration is only an embellishment for lies, and pretense is only the lie made plausible. Those who expect to succeed by feigning base subterfuges are deceiving themselves, and those who are seeking the security of self-reliance and peace of mind should concentrate their thought forces as much in opposing the practice of lying as they would in resisting the evil habits and baneful influence of drinking, gambling, stealing or fighting. A liberty that is gained from a basis of lies is uncertain and short-lived; but when the truth makes us free, we are free indeed.    —B 8495. 




