---
title: “Does The World Owe Us A Living?”
author: B-7274
issue: 21
volume: 3
year: 1917
month: 12
day: VI
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
“DOES THE WORLD OWE US A LIVING?”    When we came upon this old world of ours, with no script with which to pay our way and if the world owes us a living, how is it we lay so weak and helpless? But as the years grew on, and we grew from our infancy to childhood, we began to set up and take notice, and found that the world did not owe us a living, only what we might earn by honest toil. And while doing so, has there not begun the formation of MANHOOD and WOMANHOOD?       The old axiom of “the twig being bent the tree will grow,” may no doubt be true. But have we ever stopped to think that when God made the trees, He made the crooked trees with the straight, and the crooked trees are just as capable of bearing good fruit as that of the straight ones? Of course they must be given special attention, and if cultivated in the right manner, they will bear abundance of fruit. So it is with us, if we will but cultivate ourselves to do good, and we can then and only then, say that “the world owes us a living.”       We all know the meaning of a well spent life, and if we refuse to take the advantage, we must then pay the price. Our home surroundings may not have been up to standard, and this may have been the cause of our starting the downward path, but with this excuse, we ought not say the world owes us a living, but go forth and show that our parents’ love and duty were not lost, and the sooner we take this step, the sooner we will enjoy the privilege we all desire.    —B7274. 

