---
title: STANDARD TIME
author:
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B 7413
year: 1917
month: February
day: 7
volume: 1
issue: 6
page: 2
image: umpire_1917_026.jpg
tags:
layout: item
---

STANDARD TIME

‘“‘Speaking of the railroad confusion that existed before standard time was adopted,’’ said a prominent railroad msn, ‘‘reminds me that prior to 1883 time differences caused es- pecially confusing complications on railroads in the United States. It was feormerly cus- tomary for a road to use throughout large sections of its territory the local time of one of the principal cities through which it passed. o

““The result was that when two railroads met in some smaller town it frequently hap- pened that they were running under widely different time systems. As many as five different kinds of time were thus simultane- ously in use in a single tcwn. '

“It was the need of an international stand- ard of time that led to the prime meridian conference at Washington in 1882. This ree- ommended the use of the Greenwich ecivil time, reckoned from zero up to twenty-four - hours.

“In accordance with this resolution and to remedy the aforementioned difficulty the United States and Canada selected a series of standard meridians differing in longitude from that of Greenwich, England, by exact multiples ot 15 degrees.

““On Oct. 18, 1883, a convention was called by W. F. Allen, secretary of the general railway time convention, which decided on the introduction of standard time, to take

_effect on Nov. 18, 1883, and on that day the

change to the present system was made without any difficulty.’’
