---
author: null
day: 7
editor: B 7413
image: umpire_1917_026.jpg
issue: 6
layout: item
month: February
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 2
tags: null
title: OPPRESSOR OF CHILDREN
volume: 1
year: 1917
---

OPPRESSOR OF CHILDREN

The Pittsburg Leader is up in arms against employes wno violate the child iabor law. 1n a recent editorial the Leader states that ‘‘the arrest and conviction of scores of employers in the Pittsburg district on charges preterred: by the factory inspector came with peculiar force at a time when a desperate battle is being waged in Harrisburg by vicious inter- ests that hope to crush labor and humani- tarian laws passed for the protection of working people. Theseinterests know they can not violate the child labor and other humane laws with impunity. That is why they have planned a raid on the legislature that will take away this protection for the people who earn their living by the sweat of their brow. Pittsburg has its share of inhumane employ- ers who would keep little children at their tasks to the point of exhaustion.OPPRESSOR OF CHILDREN

The Pittsburg Leader is up in arms against employes wno violate the child iabor law. 1n a recent editorial the Leader states that ‘‘the arrest and conviction of scores of employers in the Pittsburg district on charges preterred: by the factory inspector came with peculiar force at a time when a desperate battle is being waged in Harrisburg by vicious inter- ests that hope to crush labor and humani- tarian laws passed for the protection of working people. Theseinterests know they can not violate the child labor and other humane laws with impunity. That is why they have planned a raid on the legislature that will take away this protection for the people who earn their living by the sweat of their brow. Pittsburg has its share of inhumane employ- ers who would keep little children at their tasks to the point of exhaustion.