---
author: null
day: 7
editor: B 7413
image: umpire_1917_027.jpg
issue: 6
layout: item
month: February
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 3
tags: null
title: THE THIRTY YEARS WAR
volume: 1
year: 1917
---

THE THIRTY YEARS® WAR

The present conflict in Europe has induced many popular authors to write on war sub- Jects, from the very early times to the pres- ent day. In a recent article in one of the well-known periodicals, a writer takes up the subject of religious wars, and in mentioning the ‘‘Peace of Westphalia,”” he says that ““Osnabruck is one of the most venerable towns of Prussia. In the closing years of the eighth century Charlemange designated it as the capital of a bishopric, a distinction ~ which it enjoyed without interruption for “more than a thousand years. In 1803 the see was suppressed, the last bishop being Fred- erick, duke of York, son of the English Hanoverian monarch, George I1I. In 1858

the city was restored to its religious emi- nence when it was again made the seat of a Roman Catholic bishop.

““It is on account of her share in the pre- liminary negotiiations which led to the epoch- al peace of Westphalia that Osnabruck is famous in history. In 1644, after all central Europe had been devastated by the great struggle which eventually became known as the Thirty Years’ War, representatives of Sweden, the German empire and German Protestants met here, while in the neighbor- ing city of Munster, thirty miles to the southwest, delegates from France, Spain, the German Catholics, and the German em- pire gathered. '

““The negotiations extended over a period of four years. In October, 1648, both groups of conferees having arrived at a common ba- sis of settlement, the Osnabruck diplomats repaired to Munster, where a few days later the peace was signed which guaranteed the peace and independence of the several states of the empire and which forbade religious persecution throughout Germany. It was this peace, in which Osnabruck played such a vi- tal part, that put an end to religious wars in Europe.

“As early as 888 Osnabruck was granted -the right to estzblish its own mint, Lut jt was not until the fifteenth century that the city reached the crest c¢f its medieval pros- perity. Following the decline, which was necessarily incidgental to the raveges of the Thirty Years’ War, it enjoyed a second era of growth.

““The two most impressive architectual piles in Osnabruck are the spacious cathe- dral, dating back to the twelfth century and representing a combination of the Roman- esque and Transitional styles, and the royal palace, built in 1662-’75."