---
title: HONOR CLUB NOTES
author: B 7542
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B 7413
year: 1917
month: February
day: 7
volume: 1
issue: 6
page: 4
image: umpire_1917_028.jpg
tags:
layout: item
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Promptly ao {2:30 P. M. the members form- ed on their respective blocks and as happy as their position would permit, marched to the

amusement hall. The Director of Musice, Pro-

fessor Wiegandt, had the H. F. C. orchestra well in hand and performed real music. It was remarked by a visitor, ‘““Those men are wonderful.”’, :

The Vice-President (A 8432) gave his ad- dress of welcome. Pete didn’t measure his words Saturday, as the 1st Section left a bad record from their last holiday. What he said was plain and to the point, and when the President, Mr. R. C. McKenty, backed the Vice-President in a few well chosen remarks, there was no doubt in any one’s mind as to what was meant. The effect was apparent, and the 1st Section has a clean slate again. Don’t soil it, boys. 5

The overture by the H. F. C. orchestra was from ‘‘Poet and Peasant’ and was well ren- dered, receiving deserved applause.

Mr. Kraupa had another Dug Fairbanks film, something fine, ‘“The Lamb.’”’ From beginning to end it was filled with action, and it was applauded at the finish. But there are no ‘‘encores’’ on the film, more’s the pity! Mr. Charles Ross opened the vaude- ville with a comedy act, in costume, with his banjo. He had a harmonica attached to the banjo, and to say that Mr. Ross was a whole orchestra with the harmonica and banjo, says but little. act he becomes a whole show. The applause was stormy and hearty.

Mr. Horace Laired has a very good act on the aerial rings. His performance is difficult and muscle trying, and the neatness and per- fectness of his acrobatic feats make his ‘“tab’’ of the star feature. He was roundly applaud- ed and appeared to the encore and bowed his appreciation.

The members were gratified to have with them Mr. John D’Ormond, editor of 7he Vaudeville Times, and to hear Mrs. D’Or- mond perform with Mr. D’Ormond, an amus- ing sketen entitled, ‘“‘What’s Good for the Gander is Good for the Goose.”” There were some very funny situations, giving both Mr. and Mrs. D’Ormond an opportunity to de- monstrate their ability as versatile artists of tne pre nier class, and they proved themselves capable in every part. On the encore, Mrs. D’Ormond waved a pretty salutation to the audience, and her expression showed it came from her heart, and her sympathies were with ‘‘the boys.”’

Tony Baker, eccentric Tony Baker, the black-faced comedian, who to look at means to laugh, <‘came back;’’ he was no ‘‘white hope,’” but he ‘‘came back’ for the benefit of the 1st Section. Funny? (you know), and just as kind as before, remaining just as long as he could. He gave an invitation to " visit him on Christmas. Who’s going? the one-third law goes through some will have a chance to go. Let’s ‘“‘root.”” The

Combined with his comedy -

If

applause for Tony Baker was a continuous performance.

The Laurence Twins are well named, and one can’t say which is the prettier or more pleasing in their nifty, classy ‘‘tab.’’ They have a singing and dancing act that must be seen to enjoy. Dainty in their movements and classy in their make-up they please with- out a jar. Each change of step is timed to the instant and forms the poetry of movement which is hard to improve on. They were ap- plauded to the echo, and responded to each encore. :

Buck Goldie, an eccentric comedian of rare ability, closed the vaudeville. Mr. Goldie turned every kind of spring except an ear- spring. His aerial summersault was a joke to him. He didn’t balance himselt on one hair, but it wouldn’t surprise anybody to see him do it. His singing was good, and his jokes were good and had the kick. The audi- ence was quick to see the point, however, and the applause was loud and lasting.

Mr. Kraupa presented us with a closing film featuring Chester Conkling and ‘ ‘Shorty’’ Hamilton in ‘‘Bucking Society.’’ This was very good. Plenty of action and lots of fun. Through an oversight Mr. Kraupa did not receive the little memento made by B 6765, but it’s the same as in his hand, and it’s coming to him, and he’ll get it too.

Jimmy Mulligan, ‘‘the Man in the Box,”’

was worried to know where was ‘‘Doc’’ Bird, but settled down when he learned that “Doc’” was extracting one of his bird’s teeth. The picture then proceeded withouta hitch. Herbert was gocd for another week, and came out again. Pop says, ‘‘look out,’’ though. " The H. F. C. extends to The Vaudeville Twvmes and its editor our thanks for the cop- ies of newsy, up-to-date ‘‘tab’’ publication it was our pleasure to receive, and to Miss Mae Russell, also, we give thanks for bring- ing them. The neat, classy dress The Vau- deville Times appears in this week makes it a very attractive journal of the first class. The members fortunate enough to read it, sound its praise, and especially do we thank its editor for printing the minutes of our delegates’ meeting when La Petite Elba was made an honorary member of the H. F. C.

The visitors’ row was well filled with the sweet faces of the ladies, who by their pres- ence lend a confidence to each member pres- el 3

President R. C. McKenty graced the as- sembly, as did Miss Elsie McKenty, Miss Madeline and Genevieve Bennett, under the escort of Mr. Martin J. Kane; and Mr. Wil- liam McKenty made the hall brighter by his presence. And there were men of parts there—representatives of the Victor Talking Machine Company, Mrs. W. J. Mitchell, J. D. Barstow, Charles McCarren, and Harry Dipple. These gentlemen, under the invita- tion of Mr. Frank Dipple, came to be shown just what the H. F. C. is doing. To say that they were surprised does not express their

feelings. But each gentleman said he was gratified at what he observed at this enter- tainment and would go forth with the inten- tion of assisting in a work that is wonder- ful, and their every effort will be to help in every way possible the Honor and Friendship Club members. : Special note should be given to Miss Ann Senn, a violin solist, who gave a fine per- formance on the violin. Her rendition of a Hungarian rhapsody was beautiful and in- spiring to lovers of good music. On the en- core Miss Senn favored us with a medley in which ‘““On the 1]d Dominion Line’’ and ““Dixie Land’’ figured. @ Her performance was fine and was received with applause. Nothing marred the enjoyment on Satur- day. The Warden remarked that he was pleased to know the boys enjoyed themselves and we can be assured of his interest. Saturday, February 10th, 2nd Section, 12 B, 12-1 G12-2 G, 11" B, 71 B 6 - BHGEG So8H 10 B. —B 7542
