---
title: EXCHANGE COMMENTS
author:
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: 
year: 1917
month: January
day: 3
volume: 1
issue: 1
page: 1
image: umpire_1917_007.jpg
tags:
layout: item
---

EXCHANGE COMMENTS

If a man is fit to live he is fit for some- thing better than imprisonment. There are lots of men, too, who are neceded vastly more by their families than by the state.

—The Prison Monitor.

A writer in Our View Point calls atten- tion to a well-known source of trouble in most prisons when he says, that “‘if we (the prisoner) had a voice in the selection of cell- mates, many of the cases of infractions against the rules would be eliminated. The placing of men of diverse temperaments, of different character and morals together in a cell leads to more or less dissension and quar- reling, with the result that the discipline of the prison is seriously affected.”’

It is not hard to do good. It is much sim- pler to do good than to do otherwise. Doing good brings happiness, peace of mind, and pleasure. An act of goodness goes farther toward establicshing a man’s character than almost anything imaginable.

. —The Prison Observer.

If you can’t get conditions to suit you why don’t you get yourself tosuit conditions? Ifit’s a square hole, get square; if a round one, get round, and then go ahead in peace with your growing inner life. You may find that the conditions to which you had to adapt yourself were just the right ones after all, quite ' friendly and favorable underneath their un- comfortable feel.

Whoever is allowed always to follow the path of least resistance will soon find any work drudgery and any effort tiring and a

torture to his nerves. A child who never has received an order, but who at six years of age has been only begged and persuaded, will never be his own master at twenty-six. There is no work in the world most of which is not drudgery and an irritation to the nerves for one who, in his time of education, forgot to learn the joy of doing his duty.
—The New Way.

Another instance has been brought to our

attenticn that should encourage inmates of this institution to a realization that a prison sentence will not handicap their future suc- cess. : -

A former state treasurer of Minnesota, and now serving an indeterminate sentence at Stillwater for misappropriation of state funds, will be made president of a new bank, cap- italized at $50,000, upon his 'release. His friends are busily engaged in its organization and have selected Smith for its executive head.
This tends to show that men sent to prison for some mistake they may have committed are notnecessarily condemned as undesirables, but are often placed in greater positions of

trust than many men who claim to have never made mistakes.

It is experience alone that helps the wise man, who has tasted of the bitter fruits of life, to build a stronger foundation for a greater success. —New FEra.
