---
author: null
day: 14
editor: B 7413
image: umpire_1917_030.jpg
issue: 7
layout: item
month: February
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 2
tags: null
title: THE WESTERN IDEA OF REFORM
volume: 1
year: 1917
---

“Nurture your mind with good thoughts. " To believe the heroic, makes heroes.’’

THE WESTERN IDEA OF REFORM

To the West belongs the credit of the ini- tiatory efforts at practical prison reform which has swept over the country like a prai- rie fire, until there are now few states remain- ing where improvement in prison conditions is not being advocated by organized bodies having the best interests of the fallen and unfortunate men at heart.

-As a prominent member of the Missouri Prison Reform League remarked recently, ‘“While many people think we have already accomplished much in the way of reform, and ought to let matters rest for a while, 1 am decidedly not of that opinion. I believe we have only just startéd improvements in

the right direction, and that there is" still a

great deal to be done té make conditions right, in order that the prisoner, when re- leased, will be in such a condition, both men- tally and physically, that he will be fully able to take care of himself ‘and his family, if he has any. And what is even more im- portant, that there will be every chance af- forded him to become a respected and law- abiding member of society.

““The prisoner should be considered much the same as a patient in a hospital, and every practical effort made to cure him of his faulty condition, and to improve him in all respects —particularly in character—so that in the future there may be little probability of his taking the downward path.

““In order to do this, we must get away from the old and barbarous idea of punish- ment, and strive for improvement and cure. This can best be brought about by giving him such instruction and treatment during his incarceration that he will be able to find a suitable occupation on his liberation, and to educate society, so that the people will ac- cept the matter in the proper spirit and be ready and willing to give the prisoner an- other chance to ‘make good.’ :

““That is just what we intend to. do in Missouri,”” continued the speaker. “‘Our league is organized to do things that will count,

and we have with us in this movement prac-

tically all the leading social organizations in the state. Among which may be mentioned the W. C. T. U., the Ministers’ Alliance, the Catholic Women’s League, the Y. M. C. A, the Council of Jewish Women, the Women’s Trade League, and many other organized bodies of similar character.

““The league members are very enthusiastic in their endeavors -for practical reform and have adopted the following platform as their slogan:

‘1. The creation of a non-partisan com- mission of five members to administer the affairs of all state penal institutions, with power to enforce its mandates and to pass on all parole cases.

The establishment and enforcement of civil service in the prison management, mak- ing the test for officers and employes one of expert knowledge of prison work without re- gard to residence or political affiliations.
‘3. No renewal of the contract labor sys- tem; this to be succeeded by the manufacture of articles for state use, by farming, and by road building wherever practical.

‘4. The establishment of separat=reform- atories for first offenders, and the grading of prisoners according to their respective ca- pacities.”’

It is announced that Governor Frederick D. Gardner, himself a strong advocate of modern penology, has just appointed William R. Painter, former Lieutenant-Governor, and friand of reform, as warden of the state peni- t2ntiary, which is a cause forrejoicing to the Missouri Reform League, and clearly shows the trend of the new penology in the West.