---
title: HURRY
author:
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B 7413
year: 1917
month: February
day: 14
volume: 1
issue: 7
page: 3
image: umpire_1917_031.jpg
tags:
layout: item
---

HURRY

““The first great lesson in the Bible story of creation isthe need of rest,’’ says a writerin The Castle. The Creator set aside one day in seven for rest. Nature herself takes long periods of rest. Man alone spoils his life by hurry.

Some Americans have the hurry habit so ingrained in their nature that nearly every- thing they do is spoiled. They can not even take their pleasures leisurely. It is always a rush to do something or to get somewhere.

A noted admiral in the Japanese navy was being entertained by a New Yorker a few years ago. One day the admiral was about to board a local train on the subway when his friend said: ‘‘Don’t take that train, admiral, it is a local. We can save four minutes by taking an express.”’

‘““Yes, but what will you do with the four minutes which you shall save?’’

Time is the most precious thing in life, and there is no excuse for wasting it, but the mad American rush to save a minute destroys more nervous energy than can be regained in many minutes. It keeps body and mind in a state of nervous tension that is destructive to health and work. Some of us do not seem to know how to relax.

I often watch people going into the city on morning trains and cars whose facial expres- sion shows that their muscles and brain are on strain. Long before they get to their destination, they begin to move uneasily in their seat, all ready to jump, lest they lose a second, or they will get up and stand in the aisle several minutes before the train stops.

Now, a chronic sense of hurry not only in- terfereswith the due performance of work, but it re-acts on the person who hasit and injures the nervous system. The wisdom of ages has been concentrated in the proverbs: '

‘““The more hurry the less speed.”’

‘““Nature never hurries: atom by atom, little by little, she achieves her work.”’

