---
title: 
author:
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B 7413
year: 1917
month: February
day: 14
volume: 1
issue: 7
page: 4
image: umpire_1917_032.jpg
tags:
layout: item
---

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable B 7386, 3rd Block.

rates. ek FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. ()

FOR SALE—Victrola, in good order, $15.00: records extra. B 6935, 2nd Biock. (5)

FOR SALE—Mandolin, in good condition, with case. Price, $2.00. B 7821, 1st Block. (5)

I:O_S']‘——One gray, knitfgd -scarf, belonging to Professor Wiegandt. (5)

FOR SALE—Photo watch fobs in oxidized silver, with your enlargement thereon, and everything demanded by the art trade, 95c. each. B 7648 and B 6339, Tth Gallery. (5)

FOR SALE—Good mandolin in fine condi- tion. Price, $2.50. B 7599, 4th Block. (4)

FQR SALE—One new Wurlitzer rosewood guitar, first-class condition. Will sell for $4.50. B 6153, 8th Block. (6)

FOR SALE—Scarfs, shawls and. tidies, made of the best Germantown wool. Prices rea-

sonable, B 7603, 7th Block. (4) FOR SALE—Fine inlaid boxes. Prices rea- sonable, Also boxes, lined and polished. B 6523, 7th Block. (4)

FOR SALE CHEAP—One Edison phono- graph, five dozen two and four minute re-

cords. B 6198, 5th Gallery. (6) FOR SALE-—Guitar Methods. Cost $1.00. Will sell for 75¢. B 7906, 7th Block. (6)

OLD CHAIRS made neW,rrepaired and up- holstered. B 8327, 6th Block. (6) FO SALE—Fancy pincushiﬁ(;l;s rﬁéde to or- der at reasonable prices. Strongly made, and work guaranteed. B 7898, 11th Block. (7)

WANTED—To excnange a good mandolin

(new strings) for a gutar. B 8114, 2nd Block. (D

FOR SALE—Guita‘r Instructor (new): At $1.00; will sell for 75¢. B 7906, 7t§’1 Blgc,k(.:(z’?) -
