---
title: GOING THE ROUNDS
author:
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B 7413
year: 1917
month: February
day: 21
volume: 1
issue: 8
page: 1
image: umpire_1917_033.jpg
tags:
layout: item
---

GOING THE ROUNDS

Tomorrow is Washington’s birthday.

% £ ES

Have you ordered your spring suit yet? % % B When they say a man is law-abiding, it isn’t saying much these days. Some people we know are very easily shocked; but they seem to enjoy the sensa-

tion pretty well.

S ke £

The Annual Report of the Eastern State Penitentiary will be ready for distribution

within a few days.

£ sk

Have you ever congcidered that a jury some- times agrees in order to smoke up and enjoy a little needed rest?

%k u sk

Did you ever notice the pleasant expressicn that plays across the face of the man who sweeps the walks?

o sk

It is true that when a fellow has some knocking to do he is sure to find plenty of others who are ready to heip.

£ 3 £

It is somewhat surprising to note the num- ber of winter lovers that have been hanging around the radiators for the past week.

sk v R

It is announced that Germany has issued new coins made of aluminum. The first to be put in circulation is the cne piennig piece.

i ES :
When a man of the outer world goes into a restaurant these days and orders two eggs, nearly everbody turns around to see if he has a diamond pin, to ‘‘make good.’’ .

. - ES . %k -

An inmate recently remarked that he “‘wes always able to attract attenticn at eny stege in the game.”” ‘‘Yes,”’ remarked a bystend- er, ‘“no doubt that’s the reason you're ncw

here.”’

£ L Sheh It’s a measley fellow who asks for a pipe of tobacco from a friend, and after getting mych more than asked for, turns to another and remarks, that ‘‘the chump’s a regular miser with his weed.”’
