---
author: B 7542
day: 21
editor: B 7413
image: umpire_1917_036.jpg
issue: 8
layout: item
month: February
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 4
tags: null
title: HONOR CLUB NOTES
volume: 1
year: 1917
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The disappointment was general among the 1st Section on Saturday when it was made known that the entertainment could not be held. '

Owing to misunderstanding, the Vice-Pres- ident (A 8432) gave the notige on February 10th that the entertainment would be held as usual, but afterwards conditions arose that forced the Vice-President to notify the delegates that ‘‘the show was off.”” This he did with regret, and no fault of his own, and he guarantees that, all things equal, the en- tertainment of February 24th will be equal to anything yet given. Therefore, let the disappointment be a boost, and the enjoy- ment will be the greater. Miss Mae Russell and Mr. Kraupa, with Herbert, and Jimmy Mulligan (‘‘the man in the box’’) will be re- freshed for their holiday and returning bring a show that will produce an applause that will make those sixteen-inch guns sound like a firecracker.

The 1st Section, February 24th—3 B, 5 B, 56, A BA.G, T B, 7G.

—B 7542.

February 17, 1917. Mr. Reuben C. McKenty. Dear Sir:

The President, Mrs. Urquhart, and the Managers of the Northern Home, wish to thank the ‘‘Honor and Friendship Club’’ through you, for their generous dona- tion of dresses, sweaters and other articles, to our children.

The ladies very much appre- ciate the gift, and send all good wishes for the success of your Club.

Very Truly,

L. M. Henry, Cor. Sec’y.