---
author: null
day: 21
editor: B 7413
image: umpire_1917_036.jpg
issue: 8
layout: item
month: February
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 4
tags: null
title: LITTLE DREADNOUGHT ON SHOW
volume: 1
year: 1917
---

LITTLE DREADNOUGHT ON SHOW

A miniature of the United States dread- nought Pennsylvania, which is on exhibition at one of the department stores, attracted large crowds last week. The model is oper- ated by an automatic electric system and goes through the maneuvers of a warship from the simplest movement to the tiring of the great guns. Bt :

The miniature is thirteen feet in length, twenty-four inches wide, has a displacement of 750 pounds, a draft of nine and a half inches and has a speed of fourteen miles an hour. The inventor, Samuel Orkin, said -it took him two and a half years to build the model, at a cost of $15,000. The tiny flag- ship is built entirely of steel.LITTLE DREADNOUGHT ON SHOW

A miniature of the United States dread- nought Pennsylvania, which is on exhibition at one of the department stores, attracted large crowds last week. The model is oper- ated by an automatic electric system and goes through the maneuvers of a warship from the simplest movement to the tiring of the great guns. Bt :

The miniature is thirteen feet in length, twenty-four inches wide, has a displacement of 750 pounds, a draft of nine and a half inches and has a speed of fourteen miles an hour. The inventor, Samuel Orkin, said -it took him two and a half years to build the model, at a cost of $15,000. The tiny flag- ship is built entirely of steel.