---
title: THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN
author:
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B 7413
year: 1917
month: February
day: 21
volume: 1
issue: 8
page: 4
image: umpire_1917_036.jpg
tags:
layout: item
---

“THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisemen‘zs must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad” column.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3rd Block. R FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes

and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. ()

FOR SALE—Mandolin, in goiod>r Icondition, with case. Price, $2.060. B 7821, 1st Block. (5)

LOST—One gray, knitted scarf, belonging to Professor Wiegandt. (5) FOR SALE—Photo watch fobs in oxidized silver, with your enlargement therecn, and-

everything demanded by the art trade, 95c. each. B 7648 and B 6339, 7th Gallery. (5)

FOR SALE—Good mandolin in fine condi- tion.. Price, $2.50. B 7599, 4th Block. (4)

FOR SALE—Orne new Waurlitzer rosewood guitar, first-class condition. Will sell for $4.50. B 6153, 8th Block. (6)

FOR SALi}*Scarf& shawls and tidies, made of the best Germantown wool. Prices -rea-

sonable, B 7603, 7th Blcck. (4) FOR SALE—Fine inlaid boxes. Prices rea- sonable. Also boxes, lined and polished. B 6523, Tth Biock. 3 4)

FOR SALE CHEAP Ope Edison phono- graph, five dozen twoe and four minute re- cords. DB 6198, 5th Gallery. (6)

FOR SALE—Guitar Methods. Cost $1.00.- Will sell for 75¢. B 7906, 7th Block. (6)

OLD CHA

FOR ASWALWI;j:(i’;ﬁta/rfViﬁstructor (ﬁew)-;?-—cosﬁ $1.00; will se!l for 75¢.- B 7906, 7th Block. (8) FOR SALE-Guitar and mandolin, in good condition. Will sell cheap. B 8332 4th Gal- }ery. i (8)

FOR SALE New Wicr Wl $15.00. Sell. with ten records, for $12.00. B 7889, 9th Block. ' wOnTE)

FOR SALE;i;&ty néW records for —$15_. 00. B 6939, 2nd Block. (8)
