---
author: B-7542
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '2245'
image: umpire_1917_009.jpg
issue: '2'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' entertainment'
- ' music'
- ' vaudeville'
- ' movies'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

Honor Club NotesThe beginning of the celebration of the Second Anniversary of the H. F. C. was made a festive occasion on Saturday.The band, under Professor Wiegandt's able leadership, had the opportunity to try out their new instruments.The parade was formed in front of the amusement hall, and promptly at 12:45, the band leading and playing a joy-inspiring march, the word was given to the Vice-President (A 8432) and the parade started.Immediately following the band in the place of honor, came the charter members with the organizer (B 5888) leading; the followed the respective blocks, marshaled by their respective delegates. A brave showing and one to verify Bobby Burns' "A man 's a man for a' that." Around the institution to finally defile into twos and, quietly and orderly, marched up the steps and into the amusement hall, to be greeted with a processional from the H. F. C. orchestra, fitting music to the hall, decorated for the occasion with flags, bunting, electric lights of many colors, and the Club's colors, tastefully distributed throughout the hall. This work, by B 7648, assisted by B 7849, was well done. During an intermission the Vice-President, (A 8432) introduced the President, who spoke a few words of interest and then introduced B 5888, "to whom," to quote the President, "the Club owes everything, for, from his mind came the idea of the H. F. C.'' B 5888 then addressed the members with a few appropriate remarks, among which, he said, ''his heart, and every interest, was for the Club's welfare." His words were received with hearty applause, which lasted until he had resumed his seat. After quiet had been restored the show was on. The H.F.C. orchestra, under Professor Wiegandt, rendered an overture; then came the Triangle fine arts picture, ''Double Trouble," with Douglas Fairbanks the feature. It was a fine picture, in six reels, and was given hearty applause.The vaudeville opened with a violin soloist, who was given a hearty reception.Then came "The Musical Seminoles" who richly deserved all the applause they received. Their work was very good, and the house simply went wild over them. The Indian costume and their original acting were fine.Davis and Williams, a comedy sketch ( Continued on page 4.)(Continued from page 1.)team, came next. Their yodeling and clever sketch was well· received and loudly applauded.Franklin and Bergman, with a comedy sketch, appealed to the audience. In the opening many were fooled when Bergman came on and apparently sang a song in a female voice. Mr. Kraupa pulled aside the curtains, revealing Miss Franklin, who had been singing under cover. Then followed a sketch in comedy that every one enjoyed and applauded to the echo.A high-class dress comedy sketch wound up the performance. It was like getting a letter from home to see Coster and Kane. There were some there who know the team. especially Mr. Kane, and would have been well pleased to have said "How-de." The audience united in voicing "good", and Coster and Kane retained their reputation for good-fellowship by remaining every minute they could. "Fatty" Arbuckle in "The Other Man" was the rib-tickler to send the audience home (?) in a good humor, satisfied that everything possible had been done for their entertainment, and they had done their little ''bit'' to make things agreeable.A special mention should be given to a work of art, a large facsimile of an H. F. C. button in white and gold, the letters H. F. C. blazed forth in electricity, and the effect was splendid. The idea was conceived and the button made by B 8361. It was intended as a surprise for President McKenty and Vice-President A 8432, and was very fine. The Warden was with us and was well pleased. He had as his guests members of the staff of the Pennsylvania Hospital, Dr. J. Walter Levering, Chief Resident Physician, and Drs. F. F. Lane, John Connelly. Harold Kinderman, Robert McKiver. They voiced the remark of Dr. Levering, "We have had a good time.''Miss Elsie McKenty graced the Club with her presence. "Bill" was there; his mind is on spring training now and he's thinking of Southern skies and camp. Charlie (B 6252) looked over toward the drum. He found Sam and immediately began to play. Miss Mae Russell had as her guest Mrs. Cross, theatrical booking agent and wife of the publisher of the Vaudeville Times.Mr. Kraupa was pleased with himself and congratulated Jimmy (The Man in the Box) and "Doc Bird" on their work of today. He could not handle hot potatoes though, so left hot-handed.Herbert says he has a "gun," but we think it's loaded with pleasant smiles.The President, R. C. McKenty, stated from  the stage that "The Warden had not had one complaint against an H. F. C. member since the entertainments had been started." This is some record.Mr. Collins took off his official robes and came to the show just to have a good time; and he did.Next week will wind up the anniversary when the 2nd Section will have their outing, Jan. 13th, 1917.1B,12B,12-lst, 12-2ndG,10B,11B, 6 B, 6 G, 8 B, 9 B.-B 7542.