---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '2248'
image: umpire_1917_010.jpg
issue: '2'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- prison
- ' reform'
- ' New Way'
- ' penal press'
- ' opiinion'
title: The Instinct to Take
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE INSTINCT TO TAKEA writer in the New Way, who is evidently a farsighted philosopher of acute perception as to the frailties of humanity in general, has voiced his views on certain matters thatare worthy of more than passing notice. Referring to the average man in this country and his money-making lust as above that of other nations, the writer asserts that ''every man has more or less instinct to take, on occasion, what isn't his. In some it becomes rather strong and they yield to it in some small ways. They do shadyish things. In some it is rather stronger, and they yield more. In some it is again stronger. They step over a certain line, under pressure of need or desire, make a bad break-and get into trouble. In a few it entirely runs them, and these are the habitual and apparently incurable thieves of various kinds. These latter carry to an extreme the thief instinct as the supreme poets carry to an extreme the poet instinct.''There is much trouble and talk over the increasing fulness of our prisons, our ever-increasing prison population. Something is wrong. People don't know what. They think the prison system or the sentencing system or something like that is wrong and therefore needs reform. It is. It does. Much evil is done by present methods, and much good will come of reform of them.''But the trouble of increasing fulness of our prisons wo'n't be cured. For people don't see the scale, the other end · of the stick; their end. They don't see the inevitable relation between the average man's bitof thief instinct (I am talking just now of that line of crime only), and the thorough thief's big chunk of it. If they want to get rid of his end of the stick they must get rid of their own. Let the average man thoroughly clean up his own house in respect of w his bit of thief instinct, get it right out of a him, get dead honest in his thoughts and i wishes from stem to stern-and he'll no longer be doing his part to create that general atmosphere in which the full-fledged thief grows as surely as big poets grow in a l nation whose average men cultivate their bit of poetry instinct."Men come on earth with certain qualities f waiting latent, each man with his specially e proportioned set of ingredients. Those qualities grow that find a favorable atmosphere, poetry or thieving or money-making, or what not.''Home influence is the first atmosphere round the newcomer. As he grows up ,and tgets out into the world he comes into the larger social atmosphere. If the home atmosphere was dead right, there'd be nothing to fear for him in the social atmosphere.''But mostly it is not dead right. The father may think he's setting his child a good aexample all right if he just keeps a straight course of visible conduct. But how aboutthe conduct that nobody sees? How about w his unspoken thoughts and instincts? They  make the child's atmosphere. No words needed. No acts. The children breathe in the parents' minds and get that color, however well-looking the parents' acts may be. Each child comes, as I said, with its nature, good and bad mixed. It's up to the parents to see that the bad gets no atmosphere andthe good all the atmosphere. Then, when they've done all their duty in act and thought, if the young fellow goes wrong, it's because he's willed wrong of his own free will, not (like most astray young fellows) drifted into it for want of right guidance and want of right atmosphere. And no one is wise enough to say, in any particular case, how much of any young fellow's wrongness was want of guidance (for which the parents must take the responsibility) and how much was of hisown will (for which he alone is responsible).A higher judgment than man's comes in there, and a higher law than man's-mercy and sternness balanced on the point of real justice must and will have the final dealing with all of us.''At no distant day the instruction of society ''on these points will largely come from menwho have been inside and learned and thought what only this inside life can teach. As soon as society is wise enough and brotherly enough, it'll listen to such men."