---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: B-7413
id: '2278'
image: umpire_1917_015.jpg
issue: '3'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- Argonaut
- ' persian fables'
title: Split Pearls
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

Split PearlsAn old Persian fable of the Caliph and his faithful servant is retold by a well-known writer in the Argonaut.The most beautiful of all Persian fables, perhaps, is called "The Split Pearls" and relates how the couriers of a certain caliph marveled at his choice of an Ethiopian slave for his constant attendant and at the high honors he bestowed on his fellow, who had no special distinction of beauty, strength or grace. Thereupon the caliph told them that, though the slave's features were not fair, kindness beautified them.Once, when a camel of the caliph's train tripped in a narrow street, a casket fell, broke, and rich pearls fell everywhere. The caliph nodded to his attendant slaves to pick them up for themselves, and they all rushed to pick up as many as 'they could.One alone remained behind the caliph, the Ethiopian, who did not move. Turning to him the caliph asked him what he was doing, lingering there, and received the answer that his duty was faithfully to guard his master, and he had sufficient reward in doing that. No one could be called a faithful servant who forgot his duty to his master for the sake of the gifts his master gave."Therefore," said the caliph, "I keep him at my side, for he has shown himself to be possessed of the brightest jewel a man can possess, the jewel of faithfulness.: