---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: B-7413
id: '2289'
image: umpire_1917_017.jpg
issue: '4'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- museum
- ' news'
- ' Philadelphia'
title: A National Museum to be Established at Independence Square
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

A National Museum to be Established at Independence SquareIt is announced that Independence Hall, together with the east and west wings of the historic structure, old Congress Hall, old City Hall and the whole group of buildings between Fifth and Sixth streets on Chestnut street, is to be converted into a great national museum.A ordinance was recently introduced in the State Council, by William J. Harrington, to devote hereafter the historic structures to museums of national records and relics. The ordinance, which was drafted by Director Datesman, of the Department of Public Work s, also provides for better safety and care of the venerable structures and repeal of all former legislation giving special privileges to patriotic and other organizations to occupy certain parts of the buildings and hold meetings therein.Under the terms of the ordinance, which was referred to the Committee on City Property, the following museums are to be established:Independence Hall-A national portraitgallery.East Wing-Miscellaneous museum of Revolutionary relics.West Wing-Miscellaneous museum of Colonial relics.Congress Hall-Museum covering the origin of American government and national expansion to 1800.Old City Hall-City museum of relics and records from the earliest times to the consolidation of the municipality in 1854.