---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: B-7413
id: '2324'
image: umpire_1917_023.jpg
issue: '5'
layout: item
month: '1'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- science
- ' war'
title: War's Great Blight to Science
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WAR'S GREAT BLIGHT TO SCIENCE In a paper read before the American Psychological Association, President G. Stanley Hall, of Clark University, called attention to a new duty devolving on this country because of the cataclysm in Europe. The war having caused an almost complete cessation of research outside the field of medicine, "this shortage of intellectual goods made in Europe may lay a new and serious responsibility on American scholars."In other words American science is now to be subjected to a test corresponding to that by which American finance and manufacture have been tried. Our bankers and steelmasters and munition-makers have not been found wanting; are our scholars as well prepared to take up the work of scientific research suspended in Europe during the clash of arms?Unquestionably the test will be all the severer for the reason that where our work of supplying the belligerent powers with money and ammunition has been only supplementary, the entire cPssati <m of scientific investigation in Europe lays in the burden of, making what progress is made in that field while the war lasts and for some time after. Not only is science in Europe crippled by the actual loss of eminent investigators, but scientific research is paralyzed by the mobilization of national resources to the end of militaryefficiency.Now the question arises, is AmericanScholarship equipped for the task? It is at once a grave responsibility and a rare opportunity. American medical science has met the new demands made by the war in a manner that has won for it an international renown. There will be new laurels for America if it can meet the intellectual tests as competently, if laboratory workers -and experimenters in the field of pure science can respond to the call as well as its surgeons have done.