---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-7413
id: '2371'
image: umpire_1917_029.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- inside joke
- ' gossip'
title: Going the Rounds
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

Going the RoundsA momentous question: Have you sent your valentine?***If you say the right thing at the righttime, it often happens that some fossil will envy you.***They say that tall, thin men will be thefashion this summer. Perhaps we can furnish a few at that time.**Wonderful, indeed, is faith when you hear of some of the things that some "bug" will suggest as a cure for that all-gone feeling.***Have you noticed the pleasant look on theface of the fellow who tries to squeeze a number 9-size foot into a number 6-size shoe?**Some men spend a lot of time praying forProvidence to help them, but it rarely occurs to them to surprise Providence by helping themselves.***A man left here the other day after longconfinement, and immediately proceeded to advertise himself by boasting of his record to an outsider. Let us hope that it's not catching.***There comes a demand for the coinage ofhalfpennies, and a man asks if there is anything that can be bought for half a cent. To be sure there is. That's the value of some individuals that have to be reckoned with.***It's mighty hard to convince some men thatour outside friends(?) are not waiting for our release with open arms. The sad awakening will come later, when all this "con stuff" will melt away from our thoughts like the''fiver'' that you get on the ''go out.''**A writer in the news columns of a local paper states that a pound box of candy will win a girl quicker than a one-hundred-line poem. Save time, boys, save your time. This poet lore is awful stuff, and will only make hard feelings among your friends, if you try to palm it off on them at your release.