---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-7413
id: '2384'
image: umpire_1917_031.jpg
issue: '7'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' Mexico'
title: The Massacre of Goliad
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

The Massacre of GoliadRelating the tragic episode of the Texan war for independence a writer in the Pittsburg Telegraph says that Goliad, Texas, was the scene of an infamous massacre by Mexicans. James D. Fannin, a native of Georgia, who had settled in Texas, had raised a company known as the Brazos volunteers, which formed part of General Austin .'s army. After the fall of the Alamo he received orders from General Sam Houston to blow up the fort at Goliad and fall back to Vicloria.Fannin delayed his retreat for some time in order to collect the women and children of the neighborhood and finally set out, 350 strong, was overtaken and attacked on March 19, 1836, on the banks of the Coleto Creek by General Urrea and 1,200 Mexican troops. After a two days' battle, in which the Mexicans lost between 300 and 400 in killed and wounded and the Texans about 70, Fannin surrendered on being assured that his troops would be paroled. Instead of being freed they were taken back to Goliad as prisoners,and there, on Palm Sunday, March 27, Urrea caused these unarmed men to be marched out by squads and shot down like dogs. All were killed with the exception of the women and children, two surgeons and a few men who escaped after being fired upon.As an excuse for his atrocious deed Urrea declared that he had acted under orders from General Santa Anna, the Mexican commander-in-chief. Afterward the rallying cry of the Texas troops under General Houston was"Remember Goliad!"