---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '2395'
image: umpire_1917_033.jpg
issue: '8'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- gossip
- ' inside joke'
- ' printing'
title: Going the Rounds
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

Going the RoundsTomorrow is Washington's birthday.***Have you ordered your spring suit yet?***When they say a man is law-abiding, itisn't saying much these days.***Some people we know are very easilyshocked; but they seem to enjoy the sensa- tion pretty well.*~* *The Annual Report of the Eastern StatePenitentiary will be ready for distribution within a few days.***Have you ever considered that a jury some-times agrees in order to smoke up and enjoy a little needed rest?***Did you ever notice the pleasant expressionthat plays across the face of the man who sweeps the walks?***-It is true that when a fellow has someknocking to do he is sure to find plenty of others who are ready to help.*"*It is somewhat surprising to note the number of winter lovers that have been hanging around the radiators for the past week.* * *It is announced at Germany has issuednew coins made of aluminum. · The first tobe put in circulation since the one pfennig piece. ***When a man of the outer  world goes intoare a resstaurant these days and orders two eggs, nearly everbody turns around to see if he has a diamond pin, to ''make good. ****An inmate recently remarked that he "was always able to attract attention at any stage in the game." "yes," remarked a bystander, "no doubt that's the reason you're now here." *** It's a measly fellow who asks for a pipeof tobacco from a friend, and after gettingmuch more than asked for, turns to another and remarks, that "the chump's a regular miser with his weed."