---
author: 'Dougherty, George S. '
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '2398'
image: umpire_1917_034.jpg
issue: '8'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- The Outlook
- ' prison reform'
- ' criminality'
- ' penal press'
title: As Viewed by an Expert
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

As Viewed by an ExpertIt is most refreshing to read the enlight - ened opinion of an expert on criminal mat- ters, and we are pleased to present to our readers the following excerps, which are ta- ken from an article originally published in The Outlook from the pen of no less an au- thority than former Commissioner of Police and Chief of Detectives George S. Dough- erty, of New York City. His opinion is bas- ed upon the solid rock of practical experience and acute observation and should bear weight with those having the best interest of the prison inmate at heart."The general idea of the criminal is that he is some kind of a creature apart, that h2 has lost all economic value once he gets in- side the bars. It is persistence in this unen- lightened attitude toward him that keeps him from having an economic value. Nobody is going to buy a horse that everybody damns, no matter how good he is. No one will em- ploy a man upon whom society has put the brand of dishonesty. And the thinking people in the world know how quick society is to put its brand on a man and how slow it is to take it off."Apart from the immorality of it, we are cutting off our own noses. We are support- ing the ex-convict instead of giving him a chance to support himself. Still more , in- stead of making him an agent of construc- tion, we are continuing him as an agent of de- struction. Economically speaking, it would be cheaper to keep him in jail than to let him out, unless we are going to do something practical for him once he gets out. Bear in mind, there is no creature among the maim- ed, the halt, and the blind, so helpless as the ex-convict, for to the former every man's hand is stretched out in sympathy, while ev- ery man's face is turned against the latter."The trouble of our treatment of the crim- inal today is tradition-imitation. For thou- sands of years the guilty were punished by the most severe methods. We have followed along the same lines with but slight improve- ment. There has never been a scientific study of the criminal in any Old World country, and we-who pretend to be Christian and progressive-have done practically no more than Europe for our unfortunate fellows. Once a man is convicted of a crime, he is cast aside as a human derelict and considered be- yond all redemption. This is not only so in the case of the so-called hardened criminal, but in the case of the youthful or accidental criminal, or the man who, by environment in penal institutions, gradually develops crimi- nal tendencies that he did not originally pos- sess."Until very recently it was a common prac- tice in this country to hound the criminal after he had served his sentence. While to- day there is a strong inclination to discontin- ue this practice, it is by no means totally eliminated. The old adage: 'Once a criminal, always a criminal,' is still applied . In many sections of the United States the ex-convict is given 'hours to leave.' When he leaves one locality and enters another, he is given'hours to leave' that. He is hunted and pushed from pillar to post more than the leper. There is no safe haven for him.''Reformers urge that the ex-convict should start life all over again. But they don't tell him where or how to start. The trouble is we are all so narrow and dishonest that we try to force a helpless man to keep on paying his debt after he's already squared it with the state.''One has no idea how easy it is to convict a man on his record. Where a man should be given the benefit of the doubt a jury of self-righteous 'boneheads' will say, He's an "ex -con," and he probably did it."The most remarkable cases of reforma- tion of criminals that I have known were where certain courageous, wholesome, decent women married ex-convicts, knowing all about them, and succeeded in working them back to manhood and decency. I don't know of any greater captains of industry than these self- same women, because in these cases they have reclaimed the men not only economically but morally.''