---
author: Nebraska State Journal
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '2415'
image: umpire_1917_036.jpg
issue: '8'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- alcohol
- ' '
title: Walt Mason on Booze
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

Walt Mason on BoozeSo it happened that "I wandered to the grogshop, Tom; I stood behind the bar and drank a bowl of lemonade and smoked a rank cigar; the same old kegs and jugs were there, the ones we used to know when we were on the round-up, Tom, some fifteen years ago. The barkeeper is a new one, Tom; the one who used to sell corrosive tan- glefoot to us is stoking now in Halifax;the new one has a plate grass front, his hair is combed quite low, he looks just like the one we knew some fifteen years ago. Old soaks came up and called for booze, and burned the lining from their throats with fine old Holland gin; and women stood out- side the door" their faces streaked and made hideous with paint, others with "their faces seamed with woe and wept just as they used to weep some fifteen years ago. I asked about our old-time friends-those cheerful, sporty men-and some were in the poorhouse, Tom, and some were in the pen; and one-the one we liked the best - the hangman laid him low; the world is much the same dear Tom, as fifteen years ago. I asked about that stately chap whom pride marked for its own; he used to say that he could drink or let the stuff alone; he perished of the James H. Jams, out in the storm and snow; ah, few survive who used to bowl some fifteen years ago. New crowds line up against the bar and call for crimson ink, new hands are trembling as they pour the stuff they shouldn't drink; but still the same old watchword rings, 'This round's on me, you know!' The same old cry of doom we heard some fifteen years ago. I wandered to the churchyard, Tom, and there I saw the graves of those who used to drown themselves in red, fermented waves, and there were women sleeping there where grass and daisies grow, who wept and died of broken hearts some fifteen years ago. And there were graves where children slept, have slept formany a year, forgetful of the woe that marked their short, sad journey here; and 'neath a fine tall monument in peace there lieth low the man who used to sell the booze some fifteen years ago.''-Nebraska State Journal.