---
author: B-7542
day: '28'
editor: B-7413
id: '2423'
image: umpire_1917_037.jpg
issue: '9'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' vaudeville'
- ' minstrelsy'
- ' movies'
- ' music'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES After two weeks' vacation it was no wonder that the 1st Section of the H. F. C. came out o on Saturday with all the confidence that it was to see and enjoy a good show.It appeared as though Miss Mae Russell came prepared to show just what she could I do, while Mr. Kraupa made good his promise a of two weeks since and gave the boys "Hell's Hinges" on the film. Every one was saying, ''Big show this week.'' Pete said "We're going to have something good." Even in the line, it was "What's it going to be?''With interest keyed to the straining point a the members became quickly seated and the H. F. C. orchestra, with Professor Wiegandt leading, rendered the tune of tunes, ''The Star Spangled Banner." Each man rose to t his feet and stood silent and impressed, as the beautiful music rolled forth. Those who did not understand, felt the solemnity of the moment and stood intent and attentive. Could someone but see from the stage the expression on the faces of the men assembled there on Saturday, they would know that there is good material in the Honor and Friendship Club, and Warden McKenty is appealing to the best there is in them. After the obeisance to ''The Star Spangled Banner," Vice-President A 8432 gave the address of welcome. Pete has the members well in m hand, and it don't require many words. Everyone knows he wants them to enjoy themselves, but lest they forget he reminds the boys of the small things they are expected to do.The H. F. C. orchestra rendered an overture from ''Naida'' in a manner both pleasing and perfect and received well-merited applause. Mr. Kraupa gave the film of the series when he presented "Hell's Hinges," an Ince-Triangle production, featuring William S. Hart. When it is known that in taking one scene five hundred people were trapped in a burning building and held there bythe camera until it was no acting but real fear as to whether they were to get out alive, and that an entire town was built and burned to make this wonderful picture; that WilliamS. Hart is a dead shot and keeps a tin can in the air with shots from his revolver; that it cost $250,000 to produce the film and it has only been released a few weeks since, then Mr. Kraupa's value as an honorary member of the H. F. C. becomes apparent. All hats off to Mr. Kraupa, honorary member of the H. F. C.And not one jot does this take from the appreciation of the members for the other honorary member, Miss Mae Russell. Right on the job with her high-class vaudeville, she  met Billy Murrell in Broad Street Station and he kindly consented to commit himself to "the hill" for one hour. Mr. Murrell was first on the bill and if hearty applause is pleasing to him, he was well satisfied. His monologue was good, fresh, and full of punch. He took a fall out of an Italian Dutchman Irishman, and a Jew, and colored preacher and each character had its coterie of appreciation, and the laughs were continuous. An encore produced a recitation which was well received. He promised to return. Make good, Billy Murrell. We need you.Miss Lydia Langton, Queen of Rag-Time, was the next artist. Her songs were good and well rendered, while she did not give a specimen of her ragtime dance ability, but every indication was that her title, "Queen of Rag-Time," could be lived up to. Miss Langton displayed a very striking costume and her songs were so well received that she returned for three encores and a curtain-call.Mr. Dilks, the black-face comedian accompanied by his son on the piano, gave a splendid eccentric musical act, with a battered old wash-boiler that he threw around any old way; he finally rigged it up with a wooden leg as a basic violin, and with his son accompanying him, gave an admirable performance; he changed then to a tin whistle, and did some difficult music stunts, then some good trick stuff on a real violin; to change again to a molasses can, which had a string run through it, on which, with a bow, he again did some fiddling, a change to a smaller can and string, on which Mr. Dilks imitated a pig under a fence and a chicken, completed Mr. Dilks' performance and the applause was long and lasting.Wilson and Woods, premiers in vaudeville, were next announced by Miss Mae Russell. who also said that Mrs. Woods was once secretary for the Orpheum in New York, and with Miss Russell toured Europe together in juvenile vaudeville. As a team in their own specialty Wilson and Woods are a feature.Wilson in his quick, nimble, twisting, and clever repartee is what is required to emphasize Mrs. Woods' talent. Their act was good and was received with hearty applause. They were encored and returned for two curtain-calls, then made way for a "chip off the old block,'' Baby Woods, the sweetest little elf one could imagine. Baby Woods' performance was very good, and it was well applauded.Professor Peel, who Miss Russell announced ''trains chorus girls to ride in their own limousines, '' next gave a monologue that was well received and given applause. He was followed by Baby Lyons, who made her first ( Continued on page 4. )(Continued from page 1.) appearance on a stage. Miss Russell took the occasion to say, "who knows but what some day we will be paying tribute to Baby Lyons as a star. '' Verily! Who knows? Be sure that each one who saw Baby Lyons on Saturday wishes her every success for the future.A message from our youngest member, "La Petite Elba," says, "Tell the H. F. C. I'm going away, but I wish them luck, and the very next time I'm in Philadelphia I'll be out to see them." Good! Always welcome, little sister.Then came Billy Davis, premier monologuist. Some entertainer is Billy Davis. One continuous performance of laughs while Billy is on the stage. He would just rip off a joke in his own inimitable way and his words tickled and tore the laughs right. Mr. Davis needs not our praise, but by his own wit and efforts we pronounce what he is, a premier monologuist. He was applauded to the echo and responded cheerfully.Every one in Philadelphia remembers Peter Maher, the Irish champion, and all will be sorry to know that he is lying in Bellevue Hospital, New York City, in a serious condition. The fact that he is a resident of Philadelphia increases the interest in the nextnumber on the program, Mrs. Peter Maher and Peter Maher, Jr. Had they been announced as ''The Mahers, '' brother and sister, none would have questioned the assertion. Their act is bright and filled with the real success stuff. Peter, Jr., has some very classy steps in his dancing and repartee, is sharp and appropriate, with just enough sauce in it to make it bright, and with enough quip to make one sit up and take notice. Just enough resemblance to his father to recall Peter, Sr. The turn of the son will stand alone and merits praise. Mrs. Maher retains that charm of manner and sweetness of voice that charmed all who ever heard her, and the audience gave all attention when she sang "Roll on Silver Moon" in a voice that to hear is to remember always. Both Mrs. Maher and Peter, Jr., were very kind to respond to the repeated encores, and the H. F. C. appreciates their kindness.''Saved by Wirelesss" was the closing film, a Chester Conkling feature. It was good and was enjoyed to the limit. With automobiles, motorcycles, areoplanes, yachts, and bombs, could there be anything desired to top off the big show of the series? Nine vaudeville turns and two films. Is there a theater in the world that gives such a show for the money? Miss Mae Russell is entitled to the Club's thanks. Mr. Kraupa is entitled to the Club's thanks.But these thanks, and more too, must be given to Warden McKenty, who by the privilege he grants the members admits of the possibility of enjoying these entertainments. The Warden was there on Saturday and enjoyed himself seeing others enjoy themselves. A vote of thanks to our Warden and our friends.And don't forget our friend Jimmy Mulligan ("the man in the box"); no nice job doubled up in that iron box, but Jimmy and "Doc'" Bird strike a little engine trouble now and again, but a hot potato accelerator fixes things up.Sitting in the visitors' row were noticed Mrs. R. C. McKenty and Miss Elsie McKenty. Mr. William McKenty was present. President R. C. McKenty was with us. Mrs. Busby was with Mae Russell as her guest. With Mr. Kraupa were Herbert Kraupa, P. J. Mulligan, Joseph Vans, William Guglesmothand Peter Cipal. Mr. Meyers was an interested spectator.The H. F. C. pianist (B 6252) was up to form. It had him guessing why Wilson called him a pancake (pe-an-cake). The cry is out for Sam. Where were you, Sam? Come home to your drum. Looked like spring in the hall; the boys had their coats off. A couple of more shows and the H. F. C. baseball team will be looking for training quarters. If you believe you can play ball, maybe you can. Stand up for a try-out anyway.March 3rd, 2nd S,..:ction-6 B, 6 G, 8-9 B, 10B, L B, 11 B, 12-2-12, 1-12 B.-B 7542.