---
author: Unknown
day: '28'
editor: B-7413
id: '2424'
image: umpire_1917_038.jpg
issue: '9'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
- ' opinion'
title: Easing Our Burdens
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

Easing Our BurdensAs we advance in the deeper studies of life it becomes apparent to the careful observer that great efforts are made by those we see around us to overcome difficulties that are of comparative negligible quality, but owing to a sense of fear or doubt the simple task becomes burdensome or hard to perform, and the cause for this is not hard to find. Straining effort in any ' action usually denotes a fear of some kind -a fear in regard to strength or ability to carry out our desire. For if we were confident, believing that we are equal to the occasion, we make but little effort. Things come easily and naturally, and it is only when we feel ourselves unequal •to the task that all kinds of difficulties seem to impede the way of attainment.Perhaps it would be well to make up our minds, before beginning anything, whether we have the necessary ability or not for the work. If we find a weak link in our chain of knowledge then make repair and proceed in confidence that we will "make good." If necessary let us make a resolution of confidence in ourselves that will last for all time -an affirmation that we have the same possibilities that most mankind possesses. That which may be seen in another can usually be acquired by persistent application.If perchance we become discouraged by several failures, we should persist and push on, not thinking or talking of failure; for that is unthinkable if we strive for success.It is not unusual to hear some one say, ''I will try," and usually they say this in a manner that plainly indicates doubt or hesitation. Perhaps they may think it best not to appear so self-assertive as to say, "I will and I can'' do my best. If we take the positive attitude of mind, we will find that it leads to a successful unfoldment far more rapidly than when we assume the "I'll try" attitude.If we turn all thought resolutely to the higher or spiritual part of life, it becomes easy to affirm that "all things are possible" to us, and that "this universe is for nothing else than to succeed in. ''''Be ye transformed by the renewing .of the mind," and this we may do by dropping the word failure from our thoughts, and constantly affirming the word Success.