---
author: Unknown
day: '28'
editor: B-7413
id: '2439'
image: umpire_1917_040.jpg
issue: '9'
layout: item
month: '2'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- band
- ' ESP news'
- ' electricity'
title: Washington's Birthday
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

Washington's BirthdayThe band formed in line and marched down the 11th Block. "Curly's'' surprise was there. "Halt!" was the command of Band Director Professor Wiegandt, and the fifty-two members of the E. S. P. Band came to attention. There before them was a shadow box in which was "Old Glory" in electrical display. To describe this beautiful conception does not convey its beauty by any means. It is eight feet across and five feet six inches high, in perfect facsimile of the American flag waving in a breeze. The azure contains the forty-eight stars. Representing the Union in each star is an electric globe, while the thirteen stripes representing the original states' signers of the Declaration are studded with electric bulbs alternating red and white. The waving effect is produced by electricity, the conception of "Curly" (B 8361) and made under his supervision by the students in the electric school, each member of which has earned what he knows of electricity in the school maintained by the E. S. P.As the band halted before this beautiful masterpiece, Professor Wiegandt raised his baton and the s t rains of ''The Star Spangled Banner," Keyes' immortal poem, were produced, and the music, gaining volume as it proceeded, reached the men in their cells. A silence as in prayer enveloped the old prison until the music had ceased, then a mighty roar of applause arose and continued for some moments. A different atmosphere appeared to prevail after Professor Wiegandt and the band marched on. Many men and women too felt the tightening of the throat that  goes with the patriotic sentiment and love for country that lies innate in the breast of every man when the flag of his country is in view. Work like this electrical flag serves to promote two purposes: the love and upkeep of patriotic love and demonstrating to a man that his efforts under any environment are worth while and are productive of worth if guided in the right channels.