---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-7413
id: '2454'
image: umpire_1917_043.jpg
issue: '10'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- geography
- ' Australia'
- ' Tasmania'
title: Productive Tasmania
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

Productive TasmaniaAs viewed by an Australian, Tasmania is considered to be one of the most interesting states in their commonwealth. It is a large triangular island lying to the south of Melbourne and was once a convict settlement."The climate is delightful and the soil re- markably fertile. The island is practically one large orchard. As fruit trees do not need much tending, leisure is a notable characteristic of the inhabitants, and Tasmania is known throughout the Antipodes as 'the land of lots of time' or 'the land of sleep a lot.' It is also called 'the jam country' and its natives familiarly termed 'jam eaters.' This is on account of the presence of an enormous cannery on the island, where some of the orchard products are converted into jams, jellies, and preserved fruits."But this by no means ends the list of Tas- manian nicknames. Two Dutch explorers, Tasman and Van Dieman, had to do with the discovery of the island, and, although the name Tasmania is now used, it is often re- ferred to in old schoolbooks as Van Dieman's Land. We find it amusing to twist the latter name a bit and call the Tasmanians 'demons,' which is a shame, as they are the mildest and best fellows in the world. They speak of themselves as 'Tasies,' and that may be accepted as their unofficial designation."