---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '2479'
image: umpire_1917_050.jpg
issue: '12'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Public Ledger
- ' parents'
- ' editorial'
title: Parental Neglect
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

PARENTAL NEGLECT We have for some time past been aware that many young men and women have fallen into a life of sin and crime through the neglect or ignorance of their parents, but we were hardly prepared for the figures that a New York social welfare worker recently disclosed in a prominent publication. Evidently this matter of parental neglect of children has attracted the attention of an editorial writer in the Public Ledger, who comments as follows: "Why have so many parents in these days practically abdicated their authority over their children? Again and again painful illustrations of the fact come to the public eye. Thus in a New Jersey town five little chaps, none over twelve years old, were brought before the Court for larceny on a scale worthy of old offenders. The Judge frankly confessed that he could not imagine what their home life was like, and he ‘spared no words' in his criticism of their parents, who were present. It ought not to be too much to hope that they learned a salutary lesson. But a perfectly amazing lack of interest in what the children are doing is to be found in many a home described as good. Fathers and mothers alike assume that. their sole duty is to feed and clothe their offspring, send them to school, and perhaps to church for the moral instruction they get nowhere else. Who their playmates are, where they spend their hours of leisure—such important things as these are ignored. Is it any wonder that more and more American children are growing up without manners, without morals, running into mischief if not into crime, and losing the graces if not the virtues of what should be the age of innocence? "A Philadelphia school principal points out how home example may be as injurious as lack of home restraint. ‘It is a pathetic sight,' she says, ‘to see little girls who ought to be in short sensible dresses coming to school looking like miniatures of their elders, with painted cheeks, frizzled hair, and dressed in gaudy and flimsy clothing.' It is indeed; but what can the teacher say if the excuse is that ‘mother does it'? If mother would only remember how imitative children are and not indulge too freely her own propensity for ‘loudness,' or at least instruct her young daughters that they are not yet ‘grown-ups'! Yet this is the last thing she thinks of doing. How can children under such influence, or lack of influence, at home be expected to be simple, unaffected and unspoiled away from home? There is a very serious need of an increased recognition by parents of all their responsibilities to the plastic souls they bring into the world."