---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '2480'
image: umpire_1917_050.jpg
issue: '12'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- temperance
title: Booze And Its Relation To Crime
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

BOOZE AND ITS RELATION TO CRIME The prohibition wave continues to roll over — the country, says a writer in a popular periodical, "and if we are to judge from present conditions it will not be long before the entire country is dry." The Chicago Tribune kept a record for ten years and found that 53,556 murders were committed by men under the influence of drink. Nathan F. Simpson, warden of the state penitentiary of Michigan, says: "We find that 92 percent of the men now confined here used liquor to some extent, and 75 per cent. attribute their downfall directly to drink. Of the men who violate their paroles, approximately 75 percent. do so by frequenting saloons." Mary C. Johnson, superintendent of the Michigan Industrial Home for Girls, Adrian, Mich., says: "During the ten years past the number of inmates received was 1,276. Of this number 595 had fathers who drank and 131 had intemperate mothers, a total of 726." The Detroit House of Correction had 3,376 inmates in one year. Only 67 of them were temperate, the other 3,309 were booze drinkers." Is it any wonder state after state is voting out booze? The above sentences were published in the Kansas City Star. We reprint them because they reflect just the sort of fact that is drying up the United States a good deal faster than one could have prophesied a dozen years ago. "Twenty-four, or half, of the states are dry, and by the election of a dry legislature and dry Governor, Utah will soon become the twenty-fifth," says the Bellingham (Wash.) American-Reveille. Booze makes for crime just as it makes for inefficiency, and even drinking men are voting their states dry.