---
author: B-8244
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '2493'
image: umpire_1917_052.jpg
issue: '12'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE UMPIRE "AD" COLUMN Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of "Ad" column.TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3rd Block. FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hairbrushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. OLD CHAIRS made new, repaired and upholstered. B 8327, 6th Block. (6) FOR SALE—Forty new records for $15.00. B 6939, 2nd Block. (8) FOR SALE-One rocking-chair; high back, cane bottom; in good condition. Reasonable. B 7810, 3rd Block. (9) FOR SALE—Guitar Instructor (new); cost $1.00; will sell for 75c. B 7906, 7th Block. (8) FOR SALE—A guitar; almost new; fine tone; with case, $3.50. B 6567, 4th Block. (10) FOR SALE—Birds, guaranteed singers, male and female, good breeders; also brass cages and breeding cages. B 7507, 9th Block. (10) PLASTER OF PARIS SACRED HEART, 10c. B 7418, 7th Gallery. (10) PLASTER OF PARIS NOVELTIES—Smokers' outfit cheap. B 6083, 7th Gallery. (10) FOR SALE—Jos. Ricketts Philadelphia banjo, 11-inch head, 22 brackets, A1 tone, in good condition; a collapsible music-stand and banjo music. All for $4.00. B 7144, 12th Block, 1st Gallery. (9) TYPEWRITING done, at reasonable rates, in English, French, Italian, and Spanish. B 7499, 7th Gallery. (10) FOR SALE— Fancy pincushions made to order at reasonable prices. Strongly made, and work guaranteed. B 7898, 11th Block. (11) FOR SALE—A. good, substantial rocking chair. Will sell reasonable. B 6413, 7th Block. (11) LOST—A bunch of keys belonging to Professor Wiegandt. Finder please return to him, or the Center. MUSIC arranged, transposed and copied by B 8552, 4th Block. (11) FOR SALE—Violin, in good condition and nice tune. Will sell reasonable. B 8332, 4th Block. FOR SALE—Fine inlaid boxes and school companions. Prices reasonable. Large stock always on hand. . B 6557, 7th Block. (12) PORTRAITS in crayon, sepia, tinted (rayon, opal, etc.; 16x24 size for $1.50; hand strippled, air brushed, and finished in every sense of the word. No chance of artist losing likeness. Work guaranteed. No money in advance, and first-class in every respect. B 6339, 7th Gallery. (12) INLAID WORK made to order. Scroll work. Names cut from white holly. Inlaid boxes and fancy work on hand. Inlaid wood at 5c. afoot. B 7675, 7th Gallery. (12) FOR SALE—One Easy Chair (folding) and a Fancy Rug 60x30. Cheap. B 6343, 2nd Gallery, 12th Block. (12)