---
author: Unknown
day: '28'
editor: B-7413
id: '2511'
image: umpire_1917_055.jpg
issue: '13'
layout: item
month: '3'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- wonder
- ' astronomy'
title: Mystery of the Planets
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MYSTERY OF THE PLANETS "It is not known definitely whether the planet Venus rotates. If it does it may possibly have a life and a vegetation like our own, though we suspect that it is clothed in eternal cloud. Of Saturn's rings we cannot say whether they consist of millions of tiny moons like brickbats or whether they may be even smaller still—a veil of shining dust. "Of Jupiter we can only say that it is covered with clouds, though of their substance we know nothing, and that according to Professor Lowell and Sir William Huggins some of the bands we see on it may be rifts in the clouds revealing the body of the planet. Little lines crisscross these bands. Photographs of Jupiter taken at Flagstaff observatory, Arizona, seem to indicate that these lines, too, are the upper clouds of Jupiter. "But whenever we see a planet we see it badly. Even Mars, the most clearly revealed of them all, is constantly obscured by a refracting haze, so that even the famous ‘canals,' though nearly 500 in number, are only perceptible a few at a time, and an unskilled observer would probably not make them out at all. "Sandstorms, sometimes snowstorms, sweep the surface of the planet, and because the winds of Mars are very gentle and slow moving these occurrences take a long time to pass by. A snowstorm on Mars—if indeed it was a snowstorm and not merely a fog—once lasted three weeks."