---
author: B-7542
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '2516'
image: umpire_1917_057.jpg
issue: '14'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' minstrelsy'
- ' entertainment'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES Saturday, March 31, 1917, is a date in the history of old Cherry Hill that marks an innovation. Under the auspices of the Honor and Friendship Club, one-half of the inmates were entertained with a first-class minstrel show—first class in every particular, from the opening chorus to the end, when "Alec White" announced that "The Coming Champeen have come." Everything passed off smooth and clean, without a single break or falter. Each member received well-merited praise, and not a single criticism was heard; but from every spectator came the verdict, "good!" and the E. S. P. ("Curly's") Minstrels was voted a success. The curiosity and interest of the H. F. C. members was whetted up to the keenest edge. Then after the parade in honor of Representative James A. Walker, the audience was seated, and this was a free-for-all show, members and nonmembers alike being admitted. The Vice-President (A 8482) announced that, "Everyone should be happy and prepare themselves to see something they never saw before in their life." When the new curtain, a beautiful park garden scene, rolled slowly up, exposing the. stage enlarged and the reproduction on a drop-curtain of an American military armory, with a fine picture of George Washington standing out prominently, there was a gasp of surprise from the audience as the strains of "Way Down Upon the Swanee River" arose from unseen singers in a real plantation melody. There had been large posters distributed throughout the yard, but the audience was not prepared for the burst of color, when at the proper moment twenty-four colored minstrels in bright red coats and caps, with white pants with red stripes, came marching on the stage, followed by four end men, two ‘in green swallowtail coats, top hats and white pants, with bright colored sashes around their waist. Continuing their singing, when each one had reached his seat the singing stopped and the interlocutor said, "Gentlemen, be seated." Immediately came the premier end men, Jim Johnston and "Will the Nut." In bright orange long swallowtail coats and high-top hats, white pants and red sashes, these two outclassed their brethren, and the fun began with their entrance. After the chorus the first number was a song, "The Way to Your Heart," by Mr. Charles Addison. This song was rendered in a good clear tenor, which the singer controlled well, and it was received with well-deserved applause. The chorus, joined in by the entire company, gave just the required effect. Then "Moonlight Makes Me Long for You," by the E. S. P. Quartette, was given in a manner that left nothing to be wished for. "Lonesome Sal," by Mr. Sam Moliston, with the chorus joining, was fine, and it was heartily applauded. "Down Where the Swanee River Flows," by Geo. ("Dud") Johnson, was applauded again and again. The dance was original and fine. "Dud" was encored for the third time, and he well deserved all the applause he received. "Someone More Lonesome Than You," by the interlocutor, W. H. Barrows, in which a recitation is introduced, was well rendered and well received with hearty applause. Then came the prize of the show, "Those Prison Blues." The words and music of this song were written for the occasion by A. A. ("Curly") Carter and it was a hit. The air was catchy and the words appealed to every man who ever wore the "prison blues." Too much credit cannot be given to Mr. Chas. Winston, whose singing and acting made a feature of both the song and the singer. Again and again it had to be repeated before the audience was contented; very good, Curly. "Memories" came next, sung by Mr. A. J. Rhoads. Mr. Rhoads sang very well, and his voice has a sweet, plaintive cadence that appealed to his hearers. The chorus was well rendered and sounded fine. J. P. (not Pierpont) Morgan gave a very classy dance to his song, "On the South Sea Isles," immediately after "Memories." The millionaire (?) deserves a place among the financiers of minstreldom, and he was applauded to the echo. Then followed "Nut" Brooks ("Mr, Bones") with a good song well sung, "Floating Down the Green River." He took this off excellently and was well applauded. Next to appear was "Dud" Johnson, who led with a dance. Taking up the step immediately as he finished, came Norman Cook, who appeared to outdo Johnson, when just as Cook finished, up popped Charles Winston, and between the three it was hard to say which was the best, the three were so good The applause burst out in the midst of each dance and continued to the end, and it was well deserved. "Josh" Stewart made a hit. There is no doubt about "Josh" being funny, "He's there all right," and the way he twisted his legs and feet in the dancing that followed his" song, "How's Every Little Thing in Dixie?" was a wonder. The applause was so hearty that he responded to three encores. The first part ended with a song, "Through (Continued on page 4.) (Continued from page 1.)Those Wonderful Glasses of Mine." The march at the finish, when the colors of the uniforms blended in a mass of color, and wound and unwound themselves, was grand, and as the curtain came down the applause was thunderous. "Curly's Jazz Band" rendered an overture and amazed the audience by their music. Part Second opened with a sketch entitled "Memphis Mose," in which "Nut" Brooks, Jim Johnson, Sam Molister, James Williams, and J. Christian took part, while Abe Boots impersonated "Big-Foot Sue," a Red Cross nurse. To say that this was funny little expresses it. It was real funny, and the manner in which it was acted added to its amusement. It was roundly applauded. During the next intermission "Andy" (B 7621) with B 6252, pianist, rendered a march "Spirit of McKentyville." This march was composed by B 7621, who, it was announced, had copyrighted and had printed fifty thousand copies. It is deserving of success, and no doubt it will become popular during these times, when everyone is marching. Special mention should be given the interlocutor, Mr. W. H. Barrows. The intelligently classical manner in which be carried off his part called for mention from the audience and visitors. Part Third, with the sketch, "The Coming Champeen," a sketch in which Josh Stewart, a waiter, and J. P. Morgan (not Pierpont) as a fight promoter figured, was "a scream," and from start to finish it was a hit, and both actors did their parts in a manner that left nothing to be desired. Yes, it was a good performance, end "Curly" deserves credit for taking the raw material and producing such finished actors and acts. The costumes and staging were extremely good and to come from one man's brain, in both its conception and completion and final production is, to say the least, wonderful. Could the E. S. P. Minstrels ("Curly's Minstrels" is the name) be taken to the Academy of Music it would play to a full house. The H. F. C. shakes hands with you, "Curly"; you're all right. Through courtesy to the Honorable James A. Walker, Representative in the Legislature, Father of the One-Third Law, and Honorary Member of the H. F. C., and that the minds of everyone present should be free from any thought of the amusement to come, and again that he could see just what inmate talent we had, he spoke after the performance. The words he uttered were impressive and all who heard felt that the man who addressed them stood for justice and right. Mr. Walker began his address by stating the reason of his inability to be present to review the parade. He had called on Dean Lewis and succeeded in interesting that gentleman in an amendment to the compensation law now in effect, whereby a man who works in prison shall receive the money he earns at the time of his discharge, instead of three months hence. After his visit of last week our Warden, Mr. Robert J. McKenty, had approached him with the proposition in the interest of the men confined both here and elsewhere throughout the state, and made the fact so plain that he (Mr. Walker) promised the Warden to interest himself and propose the new law. More good news, Mr. Walker said, was that the one-third bill came before the judiciary committee of the Senate on Tuesday, April 3rd, for their second reading and before the Senate for final passage on April 10th and he would use his every influence and effort to have it passed, and if so he felt sure that ‘the big hearted noble man, Gov. Martin G. Brumbaugh, would sign the bill." Mr. Walker spoke feelingly of Warden McKenty, referring to him as a friend of twenty years' standing and remarking that Warden McKenty had been to Harrisburg many times during the present Legislature, for the men in his charge. His remarks were received with close attention, and he took the occasion to remark that he enjoyed the minstrel performance and had paid good money many times to see a performance not near so good as the E.S. P. ("Curly's) Minstrels. Should Mr. Walker read THE UMPIRE he will know that everyone who heard him Saturday are sincere in their regard for him and his words. He will also know that in answer to his request of March 24th that the men of the E. S. P. prayed as one at 9:30 P. M., March 29th, for his success. The visitors' row was well filled, and all were well pleased with the minstrels. Mrs. (Warden) McKenty gave her presence, as did Miss McKenty and Mrs. Levering. Mrs. R. C. McKenty, with Miss Elsie and a young lady escorted by Mr. William McKenty, were amused visitors. Our friend Mr. Kraupa we noticed with his smile of friendliness, and he appeared to enjoy himself. Good luck, Friend. Mr. Levering and his son were interested spectators. An apology from our friend Miss Mae Russell was received by phone by the Warden, and all were sorry at not seeing Miss Russell in the audience. Where were Herbert Kraupa and Jimmy Mulligan? Sam handled the drum, and Charlie had to look sidewise to see the show, but he got there just the same. It was noticed that although "Curly" is a musical director and producer, he kept tight hold of that thirty-dollar drum and silver-handled sticks. It's all right though. He made good; you have to hand it to him. Yea, verily. Next week the 1st Section can have a crack at it. No extra tickets last week, and the same applies next Saturday, April 7th. 1st Sec. 3-7, 7 G-6-5 G-4-4 G.—B 7542.