---
author: Unknown
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '2530'
image: umpire_1917_059.jpg
issue: '14'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: The Helping Finger
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE HELPING FINGER The car was not crowded, but the tired little woman, who had scrambled on at a busy corner, found difficulty enough in finding room for both herself and the unwieldy paper parcel she carried, as more active passengers took possession of the empty seats. As she finally wedged herself into a space at the extreme edge, the string, none too securely tied about the parcel, slipped off, and for the next few minutes the stiff fingers were busy trying to retie the knot that seemed so unwilling to stay in place. Just as the string had slipped out of the trembling hands for the third time, a firm, neatly gloved finger was placed on the center of the refractory knot, and in a moment it was securely tied, and a bright-faced young girl nodded cheerfully in acknowledgment of the words of thanks, as the owner of the parcel hurriedly left the car to transfer to another line. "Member of some ‘Helping Hand Society,' I see," remarked an acquaintance as the car slowed up at the next block and the girl made ready to step off.  "No, only a ‘Helping Finger Society,' with a membership of one," the girl laughed back as the car moved on. "Some cases don't require the whole hand." There is only one qualification for membership in this society—wide-open eyes that see where little helps are needed. Sometimes you may look straight at the need of helping without seeing it, because you see something else you'd rather do. But to be a Helping Fingerer, you must see, then act. That means that by and by you will grow into a helper of big things—a Helping Hander.