---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '2534'
image: umpire_1917_061.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Catholicism
- ' religious services'
- ' Easter'
title: Catholic Easter Services at the E.S.P.
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

CATHOLIC EASTER SERVICES AT THE E. S. P. Easter morning was observed in a most fitting manner at this institution with an elaborate Catholic mass at the E. S. P. chapel, in which a beautifully decorated altar, banked with a profusion of flowers, and appropriate music symbolized the glory of the day. A special musical program with orchestra accompaniment, was provided by the members of St. Rita's and St. Edmund's choirs and inmates, under the skillful direction of Professor Joseph Welsh. Lejeal's Mass was rendered with rare beauty of expression by the choristers, the solo parts being especially noticeable for the unusual tonal quality of the singers. The mass was sung by the Rev. J. I. Scanlon, S. J., assisted by the Rev. Michael A. O'Kane, S. J., and acolytes. At the conclusion of the services Father O'Kane made a brief address to the visitors and inmates, thanking those who assisted in perfecting the excellence of the service, for their hearty cooperation. In point of numbers the attendance exceeded that of any previous occasion, it being estimated at over nine hundred. A continuous flow of praise was to be heard from those who attended the service, for the excellent rendition of the music and the splendid floral array at the altar. Surely an occasion long to be remembered.