---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '2541'
image: umpire_1917_062.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- military
title: Ten "Reasons"
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

TEN "REASONS" Editors of newspapers, and others, are being supplied by the Universal Military Training League with "Ten Reasons for Universal Military Training" in the United States, says a writer in The Telegraph. Reason number one avers that the system would throw rich and poor alike together in this same tent, "and eliminate caste and snobbery in America." For generations we have taught and still teach in the public schools that there are no castes in America. Is this a bit of organized lying to children? We think not. Nor do we think that equality, fraternity and liberty have been notably promoted in the strongholds of military conscription. Reason number two points out that lads of nineteen would be taught respect for the flag, the inference being that lads of nineteen are at present weak in this regard. Records show, we believe, that every call for volunteers is answered chiefly by lads between the ages of 18 and 22. The third claim is that compulsory service would broaden a boy's character, while the fourth is that it would make unattached youths the protectors of the nation, "relieving husbands and fathers of military service." Europe's husbands and fathers will be surprised to hear of this. The fifth claim is that weak lads would be made "virile" and strong lads, "sympathetic and respectful," while the sixth claim merely repeats half of the first. Claim number seven refers to a new "national morale" and "healthy men and women in the centuries to come." Number eight deserves attention. It says universal service would be "the antithesis of militarism" because it "would render a large standing army unnecessary." This claim is respectfully referred to the Army Genera] Staff and its civilian echoes, who couple with universal service a demand that the Regular Army be increased forthwith to at least 500,000 men. Number ten is a legless platitude, but ninth on the list of arguments is one that universal service "would revive patriotism in America." Here is an inference that Americans do not love their country as much as their ancestors did. If that much be granted, only for the sake of argument, the reply must be that the higher patriotism of our ancestors was emphatically not stimulated by universal compulsory military training, and that the present-day revivalists will scarcely succeed in making us more like our forefathers by foisting upon the Republic a system which our forefathers bitterly detested.