---
author: Ohio Penitentiary News
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '2547'
image: umpire_1917_063.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- Ohio Penitentiary News
- ' penal press'
title: Experience
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

EXPERIENCE Experience, with good old-fashioned commonsense to "back it up," is one of the most kindly arrangements of Providence. It instructs the ignorant and makes the weak man strong. The child learns by experience not to play with fire. The inventor learns by experience to make use of his past errors. The reader learns by experience the books that are edifying, and those that are not. The merchant learns by experience what transactions are conducive to profit and what are not. The prodigal learns by experience that the primrose path leads only to suffering and misery. The trouble is, most of us do not allow Experience: to teach us. We are continually getting bruised and beaten through the doing of certain acts and then go straightway and repeat them. We are willing to recognize Law as operating in the past but refuse to consider it as an equally powerful factor of the present. As Coleridge said:— "To most men experience is like the stern-lights of a ship which illumine only the track it has passed." Mother Nature does not arbitrarily compel obedience to her commands: She simply says:— "If you do so and so, sooner or later you must pay." And the common experience of mankind is, that when you do these things, sooner or later you do pay. The thing to do is to profit by experience. This is where commonsense comes in. Have it? —Ohio Penitentiary News.