---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '2548'
image: umpire_1917_063.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- Texas
- ' information literature'
- ' geography'
title: Has Been Under Six Flags
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HAS BEEN UNDER SIX FLAGS Comparatively few people are aware that six flags have flown over Texas, including the banners of three foreign powers — France, Spain and Mexico. First came the French flag, which was carried down the Mississippi River to the Gulf of Mexico by the intrepid La Salle. Following this was the Spanish emblem, first flown to the breeze under the direction of the Franciscan priests. Then came in succession the Mexican flag and the Lone Star emblem of the republic of Texas. The Stars and Stripes followed the Lone Star but was supplanted for a time by the stars and bars of the Confederacy. In the struggle for ascendancy among these various groups it is needless to say that much blood has been spilled and countless tragedies have taken their places on the pages of history. The history of the republic of Texas is one of the most unique examples of national sovereignty that the world has ever seen. A province of 30,000 people won independence from a nation of several millions. But these 30,000 were generally men of sturdy Anglo-American stock. A few years later these same fearless and independent Texans voluntarily gave up their sovereignty to become one of the galaxy of stars under the banner of the United States.