---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '2551'
image: umpire_1917_063.jpg
issue: '15'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' Rome'
title: A Bathless Age
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

A BATHLESS AGE A well-known writer says that when Egypt, Greece and Rome were at the height of their ancient power their citizens made bathing a social function, a municipal duty, and a religious observance. The public baths of these nations were magnificent architecturally, and important as centers of hygienic and municipal sentiment. With the decadence of these countries the world seems to have reverted toa period of mental sloth and physical uncleanliness. As an authority on the matter puts it: "For 1000 years there was not a man or woman in Europe that ever took a bath, if the historian of these times, Michelet, is to be believed. The ancient love of the bath seemed to have disappeared from off the land. "There was no Greece or Rome to hold up the ensign of cleanliness to the nations of Europe. Small wonder that the people of the continent became physical decadents, as indeed they were in spite of tradition to the contrary. "It is not strange that there came the awful epidemics that cut off one-fourth of the population of Europe—the spotted plague, the black death, the sweating sickness and the terrible mental epidemics that followed in their train—the dancing mania, the mewing mania, and the biting mania. "The bath was banished and filth was almost deified. Indeed, it was thought that the sanctification of the body was only accomplished when that body was indescribably dirty."