---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '2564'
image: umpire_1917_065.jpg
issue: '16'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

With the opening of the H. F. C. field sports on Saturday came the joy of being in the open.

Even though surrounded by the big, high 40-foot wall, the sun shone just the same, the sky was just as blue, and for the moment every one was just as free as the ones who consider themselves more fortunate from be- ing in the great world cutside.

It is on these occasions when one must doubt as to whether the condition of the ‘‘shut-in’’ is not in 2 measure superior to the prison-free man, when the worries of - war, high priced living, and- general ' conditions serve to keep people guessing as to the ways and means of - an existence. -~ With these thoughts in the minds of many it was natur- ally a comparatively happy body of men that assembled promptly at one o’cloeck on Satur- day behind the big brass band of 64 pieccs, with Professor Wiegandt leading and using his staff in a trueleader-like manner, awaited the announcement of Vice-President A 8432, Grand Marshal of the H. F. C. forces, to march. After everything was declared in readiness, and preceded by the American flag on the right and the Club standard on the left, borne aloft by ‘‘Slim’’ and ‘‘Stackie’’ respectively, ‘‘Pete’” gave the order to march, and the procession moved to a lively quickstep march. - The step was taken up, past the exit, where President R. C. McKenty with the invited guests doffed their hats to “Old Glory,’” and were in turn saluted by the of- ficers and men in passing. '

The Vice-President first, with the officers and Board of Governors, the band next, fol- lowed immediately by the charter members, then the blocks and galleries in their respec- tive order, the white caps of the delegates beside their divisions, with the banner of each block held high, and looked up too. There is a prize offered for the block doing the best marching and Saturday’s laurels go

(Continued on page 4.) (Continued from page 1.)

to the 1st Block, with the 4th a close second. In fact it was only after a lengthy debate ‘that it was decided that, owing to the pre- cision with which the 1st marched past the visitors at the exit, on both times around, that it was decided that the 1st Block ‘is the banner block for marching on the 1st Field Day, with the 4th second.

The march was continued twice around the grounds and with the band playing, formed in regimental front on the baseball ground, saluted, and broke ranks, then breaking up into-small groups stationed themselves around the baseball diamond to watch the game of ball that was to form the afternoon’s amuse- ment.

The Honor Club has not exactly gotten an organized team as yel and therefore today’s game or games, for there were two, -was more like a try-out than other, but from the way the batteries worked and the battery of the members of both the sides selected to play, the clubs of the E. S. P. League will have to go some on the coming Saturdays to play in the same class with the H. F. C. The best of order was maintained throughout the afternoon, not one incident occurring to mar enjoyment, and when the bugle sounded the assemble at 3:45 the members fell in their stations at the cards on the wall denoting the blocks and to the quickening tune of the drum and bugle corps marched by twos to their blocks, each man entering his cell order- ly and quiet, satistied with the enjoyment of the day and satisfied with himself that he had performed his duty to the Club and Warden.

It did not take long for the members to ‘“‘spot’” Mr. Kraupa, Jimmie Mulligan and W. W. Astor. The members gave them a rousing welcome and they appeared to enjoy themselves hugely.

During the week the officers and delegates tendered the services of the members of the Club to the Government as soldiers for war, and from the fine appearance of the men in line, Mr. Astor remarked, ‘‘The soldiers I saw last night had nothing on these boys. Uncle Sam could go far and fare worse.’’2And he could.

So here we go into the season of 1917, our privileges are assured; let our appreciation be shown by our.conduct.

The prize has not arrived and therefore the 1st Block can only receive honorable mention. In the meantime the 4th will have a chance to overcome the balance next week. But what’s the matter with the other blocks and galleries? Get busy when out atexercise; practise keeping step, walking erect, breath- ing deep and throwing the chest out, and the thing will come easy on Saturday. Every- body try for the prize!

Next week—4-5B, 5 G, 7 B, 7-4 G, 3 B.