---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '2566'
image: umpire_1917_066.jpg
issue: '16'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- information literature
title: In Loving Memory
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

IN LOVING MEMORY

A reporter of a Chicago paper happened to be in the office of the Board of Charities in that city, when a little old man came into the office and laid down one hundred and fifty dollars, "to help out some needy families,” as he expressed it. Then he told them this story:

“Years ago, when all of my folks were living, I couldn’t afford to give presents. Things are different now, but most of my folks have gone. I went shopping just as if my folks were alive. I picked out a shawl for an aunt of mine. She’s dead, and so I didn’t buy it, but I put down the amount of money I would have spent. Then I went and got some things for my dead brother.and for my father and mother, and for a few old friends of mine. I didn’t reaily get them, you know, but I priced the things I thought they would like. When I added up all the money I would have spent, it came to almost $150, so I added a little to it, and here is is.”

"Has any one heard of a finer, more beautiful way of showing a man’s love for his dead? The things he had wanted to do, it was too late to do now. He might, it is true, have spent money on stone to make more artificial and melancholy the quiet hillside where ‘his folks’ rest. He found a better way to spend his affection, to remember in fancy those he could no longer reach and then to see that his loving memory of them went to make others happier. He made his love for his dead a power to gladden the living. He laid tribute on grief and made it a blessing. It is not a sad story; we need not pity him. But we can not help loving him.”