---
author: Albert H. Votaw
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '2567'
image: umpire_1917_066.jpg
issue: '16'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison reform
- ' Pennsylvania Prison Reform Society'
- ' sentencing'
- ' justice system'
title: The Indeterminate Sentence
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE INDETERMINATE SENTENCE

The following article on indeterminate sentence was recently received by the editor, from Mr. Albert H. Votaw, Secretary of The Pennsylvania Prison Reform Society, for publication in THE UMPIRE:

We are pleased to note that a copy of Judge Foster’s commentary has been forwarded to each of the state senators by the prison society, who have been active in urging the passage of the so called one-third time bill, now before the Senate for consideration.

It is to be hoped that the opinion of a judge, ranking as one of theablest and longest in active service in the criminal courts of America, will have considerable weight in enabling our legislators to form a favorable opinion for the passage of the pending measure.

In the State of New York, the law provid- ing for the Indeterminate Sentence has been in effect for a number of years. It was viewed at first with some aversion by the Judges. When such a law was passed in Pennsylvania in 1909, the new departure was not regarded with favor by many of our Judges. We are inclined to the opinion that if they had given the law of 1909 a fair trial, they would not have been so hasty in urging and securing the passage of an amendment in 1911 which virtually destroyed the main purpose of the law.

On this subject we are glad to present the views of Judge Warren W. Foster, "the oldest Judge of the oldest Criminal Court in America." In view of his legal acquirements and long experience, his views are worthy of the attention of Judges everywhere:

“The average Judge, I think, felt toward this new law at first somewhat of resentment. It curtailed his power of fixing the sentence; it intimated that his sentences in the past had not been satisfactory. The law prescribes that the minimum of this indeterminate shall not be less than the minimum prescribed for the offense nor more than one-third the maximum, this latter provision of the maximum having been made a law in 1909, when it had been learned that some Judges were fixing the minimum so near the maximum that the prisoner really had to stay in prison longer than he would had he been given the maximum sentence under the old law and allowed commutation for good conduct.

"It appeared, I think, to the average Judge that this new law would place in the hands of prison guards a power which could not be safely intrusted to them. The one axiom upon which all penologists seem to agree is that the object of the criminal law is to protect society from crime; having the prisoner under guard, they try to effect a cure of the criminal Limself by showing him the error of his ways and assisting him upon his release from prison to lead an honest life.

“Studying the law and conferring with the prison associations, and finding but little to aid me, I nevertheless came to see, as through a glass darkly, the raison d’etre of the law that is, to make the sentence imposed as indeterminate as possible, to the end that, when the door of the prison closed behind the prisoner, the door of hope might at the same time open before him.

“When I impose a sentence, as I have done, of not less than one year nor more than nineteen years,’ I realize that the man may be released at the end of a year; but it all depends upon himself, not necessarily on his good conduct only while serving his year, but upon his showing the Board of Parole that he is reformed as to make him again a good member of society.

“The Board of Parole is believed to be well equipped to know the mental attitude of the prisoners who come before them as nearly as human minds can know of other human minds, and a prisoner who shows himself recalcitrant has but little hope of release at the conclusion of the minimum sentence.

“Mere imprisonment does not serve to fit the convict for freedom; on the contrary, the old retributive system, aiming at punishment only, had the opposite effect. The criminal, subjected to a rigid regime, without any uplifting influence, sank to lower depths by natural gravitation of crime; losing hope, a continued life of crime seemed to him his only possible future. The stimulus of the Indeterminate Sentence supplies the double effect of giving the convict hope of rehabilitation for himself in striving for which he develops the power of self-restraint and strength of will. It establishes character by creating worthy ideals and motives; it gives the convict capacity of self-support, for it teaches him a trade and equips him with the habit of industry.

I wish the public might more generally understand the Inderterminate Sentence law; might realize that the Judge, in passing sentence, is doing all in his power to effect the reform of the criminal; is doing all in his power, according to the mest advanced principles of penology, not to be cruel to an individual; not to show him any special favors, but to give him a chance to again make himself a respectable member of society.”

The following Judges of Pennsylvania have concurred in the opinion of Judge Foster:

Judge Bouton, Smethport; Judge Bregy, Philadelphia; Judge Reed, Brookville; Judge Staples, Stroudsburg; Judge Umbel, Uniontown; Judge Staake, Philadelphia.