---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '2579'
image: umpire_1917_067.jpg
issue: '16'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- inventions
- ' wonders'
title: The Gyroscope
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE GYROSCOPE

The question was asked, “What is a gyroscope?” A gyroscope top, which most people have seen, ‘‘is a round, flat piece of metal, with a small rod up and down through the center. This rod is pointed at each end and fits into a metal framework. You wind a string around the rod, hold the frame (which does not spin), and pull the string hard. This makes the round piece of metal spin so fast that you can set the top anywhere and it will stay upright. It will spin on the edge of a glass, or it will spin its way down a fine slanting wire without falling. You know the faster a top spins the straighter it stands up and the more easily it balances itself. That is pbecause, when a thing is moving very fast in any direction it becomes very hard for any other force to change that direction. Because of this, the idea of the gyroscope is used in making monorail cars—cars which have only one rail for a track. For a long time this was thought impossible. You can seehow a fast- moving car might perhaps balance itself on one rail, like a rolling hoop or a fast-moving bicycle, but when it went slow or stopped it would tip over. However, it is possible to balance cars on one rail by having a gyroscope inside of them. They put in the framework of the car two huge gyroscope wheels, weighing several tons each. These turn around two or three thousand times a minute one turning in one direction, and the other in the opposite direction. These wheels are kept turning by electricity, and they keep the car upright and well balanced, even though there is only one rail for it to run on.”