---
author: B-7542
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2586'
image: umpire_1917_069.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- women
- ' prison'
- ' minstrelsy'
- ' entertainment'
- ' ESP news'
title: Female Inmates Enjoy Minstrels
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

FEMALE INMATES ENJOY MINSTRELS

Friday, April 20th, was an event in the history of old Cherry Hill, and an epoch in more ways than one. There has been much said pro and con for the reform of men in prison and their condition, but strange to say not one word has been said about women. The men have had baseball and clubs, and other diversions, but not until Friday, April 20th, was there much attention given to diversion for women. This was brcached to Warden McKenty some time since and he, in turn, gave much thought to the ways and means of giving equal liberty to all. Finally, after consulting as to the best mode of procedure and proper consideration for all legal safe-guards, Warden McKenty decided to give “Curly’s” E. S. P. minstrel troupe the opportunity to make history. Therefore the first minstrel troupe to perform in the penitentiary gave the first performance ever given to an audience composed of the exclusive female inmates of the Cherry Hill colony. And it was an enjoyable occasion from every point.

The audience looked in astonishment at the perfect little theater when they entered. The beautiful curtain with the orchestra (Jass Band) in business array awaiting their cue to begin. Then, when they had been comfort- ably seated the brass band of 64 pieces, with Professor Wiegandt wielding the baton, bursting forth in crashing harmony surprising their musical senses and when thishad ceased, to behold the curtain slowly rising while the concealed company poured forth in perfect melody Way Down Upon the Swanee River. This indeed was a surprise. They knew that something of the sort had been going on during the winter, but the real facts were beyond their wildest imaginings. When the end men, followed by the company, came on, attired in their neat, bright and classy uni- forms an astonished—ah-h-h!—followed by a burst of applause, greeted them. Mrs. 18 C. McKenty, who had chaperoned the group of 25 pilgrims, had prepared them for a sur- prise, but nothing like they beheld. After “Lonesome Sal,” by Sam Molliston, and “A Way to Your Heart,” by Charles Addisen, had been sung, with applause from the audj- ence, and the end men had passed a few jokes which were well received by the audience, the premier end men, Jim Johnson and Will Brooks, were introduced.

Archie Rose, with an H. F. C. button in a conspicuous spot on his broad chest, sang a pallad, ‘‘Memories,”’ in a fine tenor, joined in by the entire company. Then came George (Jud) Johnson with his “Down Where the Swanee River Flows.”” He was a scream, and the audience went wildover his performance, He was followed by Josh Sterling with ‘‘How’s Every Little Thing in Dixie?”’ which is a laugh producer when "Josh’’ puts it over. Yes, Josh is funny. Jim Johnson is a funny boy, and when he sang ‘‘Moonlight Makes Me Long for You’' and rolled his eyes, he had the audience in an uproar of mirth. The medley of the song, joined in by the full quartette, made a very good chorus. Molliston, Addison and Jud Johnson were the quartette, with Jim Johnson. Will Brooks sang ‘‘Floating on the Old Green River’’ in a creditable way, and was applauded.

The dancing between Hall, Lee, Symonette, Clayton, Breoks, Sterling, Jud and Jim Johnson, Fletcher, ‘‘Elephant’’ Burell, and Winston, was classy and good.

Charles Winston, in ‘‘Curly’s’’ ‘‘Prison Blues,’” gave a good performance and receiv- ed a double encore.

Then the tableau closed with the song, “Those Wonderful Giasses of Mine,” during which the ‘‘Star Spangled Banner’’ was played, the audience rising.

—B 7542.