---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2587'
image: umpire_1917_069.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- obituary
- ' comedian'
title: Well-known Comedian Montgomery Passes Away
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WELL-KNOWN COMEDIAN MONTGOMERY PASSES AWAY

It will be a source of regret to many to learn that David Montgomery, the comedian, who has been ill for several months at a Chicago hospital, died at that place on Friday last.

He began his career as an entertainer while in his youth, with a small show, and followed the footlights for several years, when he became the star performer with Haverley’s Minstrels. In 1895 he formed a partnership with Fred Stone, and the team of Montgomery and Stone soon became famous in the popular play, ‘‘The Wizard of Oz."

This was followed by ‘‘The Red Mill,” which had a three-year run. Then came the "Old Town," and finally ‘‘Chin-Chin.” It was in the latter play that Montgomery last appeared at St. Paul and was compelled to leave the company for examination and treatment, which resulted in his going to the hospital in March. Unfortunately he had deferred treatment until it was too late to prove effective.

The meteoric career of Montgomery and Stone has been one of unusual success in the annals of the American stage. In the past fifteen years they played together in five pieces, each one a success, and during all that time they shared the same dressing- room and were the best of friends. Mr. Stone is quoted as saying that ‘‘during their whole association they had fewer quarrels than the average man and wife have every week.”