---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2592'
image: umpire_1917_070.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- ''
title: Neglected Power
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

NEGLECTED POWER

It seems perfectly natural that we should want to rule. Every man, woman and child is more or less ambitious for power. We all love to gather forces and to wield them. If we recall the words of Jesus to his first disciples, how they might come into possession of power, it will not be hard to understand why we seem to come by this inherent desire.

Jesus taught his followers that by praying for an inflow of the Holy Spirit and allowing it to come into their lives, they would be possessed of a great power. This wasnot meant for the few—the rich, high and mighty. It was intended as a heritage for all who would accept this divine inflow of the Spirit and be guided by its dictates. In His teaching the Master constantly appealed to the poor, weak, and the oppressed, telling them that if they would accept Him as their guide, their burdens would be light. Often we may feel the lacks of influence for good, but are powerless before the daily task because we are so at a loss for power—power to meet and to overcome the difficulties that beset us. And yet, how different it would be if we had more faith in Christ’s teachings.

It is told of a famous musician that while instructing his class he said: “If I stop practising for one day I notice it in my playing; if I stop for two days my friends notice it; if I stop for three days the public notices it.”

And so it is with all of us. If we neglect to follow the path that we know to be right, it will not be long before our better nature, our spiritual life, is at a low ebb. It does not require a great mental effort to see that if we wish to hold power over our own lives and those of others, we can do so only by keeping in touch with the source of Power. But as surely as we forsake the means offered us to keep strong and to make us useful members of society, we shall most certainly grow weak and impotent. Glad and fruitful Cross-bearing can not exist where the Spirit does not dwell, and the Spirit does not long dwell where prayer and meditation are neglected or forgotten.