---
author: The New Way
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2593'
image: umpire_1917_070.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- ''
title: Habit Making
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HABIT MAKING

O desire, I know where thy root is. Thou art born of thought. I will not think of thee and thou shalt thus cease to exist.

That is a text from a very ancient Eastern book. It contains the key to making ourselves anything we want to be.

Desire to do a thing comes of thinking of doing it.

We do something once, perhaps quite casually. A memory of the doing is registered in the mind. on that memory a little desire to do the thing again is apt to be born. Yield to that desire and the memory-picture is made clearer, and then the desire is stronger, and in no long time there is a habit.

The thing done may be quite trifling, hardly giving any pleasure at all, and yet a binding desire and habit may be born of it. Dr. Johnson could not walk down Fleet street without touching every lamppost with his hand. He had done it once and at the next post there was a faint memory of heving touched the last one, and so a faint suggestion and desire to touch this one, and at last he had that little craze unmasterable.

In the same way have grown a craze even for torturing themselves—mostly, as they thought, “for the love of God.” They did it once and got some pleasure out of it behind the pain, the pleasure coming from the sense of having will-power enough todo it or of being holier than others, or having specially pleased God. And from thought of it the desire to repeat it. And at last the whole life was given over in joy to the habit of self-torture.

How much more is this true when the first doing of the thing gives actual positive pleasure in itself! In this case thought is strongly attracted, desire born at once and quickly in full growth, and at last there is a habit which may easily wreck the entire life.

But we can of course make this principle work for our good. If we steadily refuse to let the mind think of some evil or mistaken action, the desire to do that action begins to die at once, after a while gets too weak to overmaster us any more, and at last dies out altogether. 1t is quite easy to acquire the habit of not letting thought be drawn in any particular direction, though not so easy to give the mind the habit of running nowhere save where it has been told to run.

And it is quite easy to acquire an overmastering desire to act rightly. Act rightly once and let the thought of the pleasure of having done so, of having used the will victoriously, remain in the mind a while or come into the mind at an odd moment. Yield at once to the new-born desire to do that thing again when the chance comes. We can soon create and nourish a set of desires which will redeem us, re-create us, give us a nobility of character and a power of mind which will measure closer up and closer to our highest ideals.

Act rightly once. There is the seed. Be content for the moment without laying out a long plan of acting rightly for evermore. That sort of plan-laying into the future wakes up oppositions in our nature which there is no need for. Only think of the right act with satisfaction, and the desire to do it again will come naturally of itself. The only danger is lest satisfaction become self-satisfaction, self-applause, a sense of superiority to others. Keep totally clear of that sense of superiority, of any criticism of others who don’t seem to be making any efforts—any attitude but kindliness—and you are all right. We are all brothers anyhow; the backwardest of us will awaken some time; and some time we shall all be at the top together, able to look back and wish perhaps that we had begun the climb sooner.

—The New Way.