---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2597'
image: umpire_1917_071.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- ''
title: The First Locomotives
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE FIRST LOCOMOTIVES

Probably no museum collection in the world better illustrates the development of the steam engine, particularly the locomotive, than the exhibit of the United States National Museum at Washington, which includes two of the earliest original locomotives and numerous models and accessories.

As the result of a wager made by a resident of Merthyr-Tydvil, an important iron town of South Wales, that he could convey a load of iron nine miles by the power of steam alone, Richard Trevithic made the first engine to run on rails in 1803, and won the wager for his employer the next year. It has been claimed, however, that Trevithick copied the stationary engine built in 1800 by Oliver Evans, an American, who later attached wheels to a scow and propelled it by steam through the streets of Philadelphia in 1804. This curious creation, called the ‘‘Oruktor Amphilbolis,” was the first motorcar to run on American soil.

A model of Trevithick’s engine is to be seen in the National Museum, as is also the model of the engine employed by John Ste- vens in 1825, and his original tubular boiler. Other models illustrate nearly all the types which began to put in their appearance soon after 1828, when the ‘‘Stourbridge Lion’’ was built in England and shipped to Amer- ica, where it was the first engine to run on fuli-sized rails. The museum possesses not only the model of this historic engine, but the original engine itself. The other original full-sized locomotive to be seen in the museum is the “John Bull,” built by George Stephenson & Sons, of England, and shipped to America for use in 1831 on the Camden & Amboy Railroad. It is interesting to recall that that this old relic of early railroading in America made a round-trip under its own steam in 1893 from New York to Chicago, where it was exhibited at the World’s Columbian Exposition.

Among the models of early and historic locomotives are George Stephenson’s ‘‘Rocket,’’ built in 1829; the grasshopper type engine, ‘‘Arabian,’’ of 1831; the ‘‘Best Friend,”’ used in 1830-1831; Baldwin’s ‘‘Old lronsides,’’ constructed in 1832; the ‘‘Sandusky,’’ built in 1837, and models of engines made by Asa Whitney in 1840, and G. A. Nicholls in 1848. Besides the two locomotives and the numerous engine models, there are .in the exhibit, coach and car models, sections of rails, spikes, wheels and models and parts of valves, and other early patented accessories pertaining to locomotives and railroads, all of which go far toward completing an absorbing chapter of graphic history in connection with this interesting and important commercial development.

The museum’s exhibit becomes particularly interesting when one compares the toy engines of the eighteen-thirties with the Mallet type to which the fleet, easily handled giant locomotlves of today belong.