---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2601'
image: umpire_1917_071.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- ''
title: The Fellowship of Books
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE FELLOWSHIP OF BOOKS

“Nearly nine centuries ago a lonely monk, known afterward as the Archibiship of Poiectiers, wrote down in a monastery the follow- ing words which have lost none of their eloquence of truth through the lapse of time. Could there be a more exquisite tribute to the fellowship of books?

“Our house is empty, save myself and the rats and mice, who nibble in a solitary hunger. There is no voice in the hall, no tread on the stairs. The clock is stopped, the pump creaks no more. But I sit here with no company but books, dripping into dainty honey-combs of literature. All minds in the world’s history find their focus in a library. This is the pinnacle of the temple from which we may see all the kingdoms of the world and the glory of them. I keep Egypt and the Holy Land in the closet next to the window. One side of them are Athens and the Empire of Rome. Never was such an army mustered as I have here. No general ever has such soldiers as I. No kingdom ever had half such illustrious subjects as mine, or half so well governed. 1 can put my haughtiest subjects up or down, as it pleases me. I call ‘Plato,’ and he answers ‘Here’—a noble and sturdy soldier. ‘Aristole.” ‘Here,’—a host in himself. ‘Demosthenes,’ ‘Cicero,’ ‘Caesar,’ ‘Tacitus,” ‘Pliny,”— ‘Here,’ they answer, and they smile at me in their immortality of youth. Modest all, they never speak unless spoken to. Bountiful all, they never refuse to answer. And they are all at peace together. My architects are building night and day without the sound of hammer; my painters designing, my poets singing, my philosophers discoursing, my historians and theologians weaving their tapestries, my generals marching about without noise or blood. I hold all Egypt in fee simple. I build not a city but empires at a word. I can not say as much of all the Orient as he who was sent to grass did of Babylon. And the world is around me, all that ever stirred human hearts or fired the imagination is harmlessly here. My library shelves are the avenues of time. Ages have wrought, generaticns grown, and all their blossoms are cast down here. It is the garden of immortal fruits, without dogor dragon.’’