---
author: B-7542
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2605'
image: umpire_1917_072.jpg
issue: '17'
layout: item
month: '4'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Good old Sol washed the face of the H. F. C. grounds on Saturday in a bath of real July sun, and the members of the Club enjoyed every moment of their stay in the yard. The march around the grounds was a task that caused some of the younger members to feign sudden footache or some long forgotten ailment to excuse their dropping out. The officers and Board of Governors dropped out at the 11th Block and reviewed the "troops" to decide as to which was the best appearing block in line, and decided that the 4th Block was the best looking (marching, not beauty) body of men in line, and to them the laurels belong. The contest is on now between the Ist and 4th Blocks, and the cup will be here and presented by the time the 1st Block has its chance. What’s the matter with the rest of the fellows? The 7th Gallery was going strong for a while, but broke and lost their chance.

The President was on the job in time to open the game between the ‘‘Yanigans and the Lanigans,” two teams picked from among the members. Our old friend “Happy” umpired, and the way he called ‘‘Fo-o-o-wl’’ and the frown he put on when he said, with a growl, “You’re out,’’ left no room for a comeback nor dispute. Some umpire, Happy; go to it. After a fierce contest, in which several balls went over the wall, a score of 3 to 2 in favor of the Yanigans was the result of the effort and a new game was declared between the Buglers and the H. F. C. Howard, the boss bugler, was captain, and from the way his men lined up he must have been practising up. Then, too, Rube picked out a rather strong bunch from among the H. F. C., with the result that the H. F. C. won by a score of 7 to 2. But think of this star line-up against the poor Buglers: Rube, Hagy, Mack, Charlie, Harvey, Chick, Nick, Happy, and Joe. All stars, every one, and so the poor boys fell. It’s no disgrace, boys. You can blow yourselves for all you are worth next week, and not a cent to the bad.

And so the beautiful day was whiled away. Over in a corner “Curly” had “Quig’’ telling him what he would do to him when they met in a box car in the future years to come, while Pete and Charlie, the Governcr, walked around conspiring as to how the treasury of the Honor Club could be swelled and interest drawn on the capital invested. ‘‘Hello, Bill,”’ one chap said, ‘‘how’s things up in Towan-da?”’ and the ‘‘chat stuff” was on as to whether Germany would drop a shell on the court-house at Towanda or merely sail a battleship over the Neversink Mountain. It made no difference what the subject, each was interested in the other, and at last, when the bugle sounded the assemble, every one promptly fell in line, and a cheerful, healthy bunch marched back to their cells saying, “Thank God, Warden McKenty is a man who believes in live and let live.” Yes, it was a bright day and a bright spot in the minds of those who were privileged to enjoy it.

Next week, the 1st Section, 1—10—11—6— 6 G—12—12-1-2—8—9. Heads up, chests out; and who has the best marching block?

Notice.—Whoever forget themselves and held out three gloves, be sure to return them to Secretary, and don’t do it again.

— B 7542.