---
author: B-7542
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '2612'
image: umpire_1917_073.jpg
issue: '18'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' Italy'
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES There have been many days when, perhaps, there was more entertainment from a varied point—music and other things—but Saturday was a day to mark with a white stone. First came the parade, in which each man appeared to take an interest. The marching was so well done that it was hard to select the honor winner from among the 1st, 11th and 12th blocks. It was splendid to see these fellows, head erect, shoulders back, and keeping step to the martial music of the band. After some discussion the question was left up to President R. C. McKenty, who decided that owing to the 1st Block having more men in line, and their marching being so perfect, the honors of the best marching club belonged to them, with the 11th and 12th a close second. This would give the cup to the 1st and the banner to the 4th Block, who were best last week. The parade was reviewed by President R. C. McKenty and some lady visitors as they passed the front gate, and the flag was saluted by the reviewers. A large flag of Italy, its beautifully blended colors flowing proudly in the air and borne no less proudly by Di Massie, one of our Italian members, was applauded by the Italian contingent, who were elated to behold their mother country's flag beside "Old Glory," the prettiest of all flags. Twice around the old gray walls the members marched and none cried enough, but finally the band halted at the Garage ground and the ‘crowd was moved back to give a clear diamond, and then came "a game of baseball." There are many within these walls who have witnessed professional baseball, and we have some good baseball players and good teams in the E. S. P. League, but no game was ever pulled off in or out, that had anything on the game between the Officers of the H. F. C. and the Delegates. Just think of this line-up for the Officers: Charlie, catcher; "Curly," pitcher; "Slim," short; Charlie, the dog man, 1st base; George, the treasurer, 2nd; and Rube, President, 3rd; with Pete (yes, Pete played left field), and "DOC" secretary, center; and Jimmie, library, right. Jake umpired, with Professor Wiegandt as field umpire. Yes, the Professor was right on the job and called his friend out when he was running to him instead of second. "Quig," the Club's father, had charge of the Delegates and pitched some good bail and was well supported by Mac of the 11th. "Scotty," from the 1st, played first, and at times, with his awful long reach, he'd pull a pall out of the air like he was dragging down the sun. Then there was Tommy, from the (Continued on page 4) (Continued from page 3) "eon" yard, on 2nd, and "Shine" and Bill from the 5th Gallery, and—but why pick out the stars? They beat us, not because they had the best players but because these new rules are confusing to players who have not played ball for twenty-five or thirty years. And the man on third, on whom so much depended, gave the double cross and batted out of his turn when "Curly" was on third, and as though that was not sufficient, did some kind of a stunt that the umpire, Jake, called "Bunting on the third strike," which, like rule five, Marquis of Queensbury, means "you're out." In explanation of that high fly that "Scottie" knocked and "Doc" watched where it struck, when it was way up in the air, it looked awful small, but the nearer it came the bigger it got, until the time arrived when it should strike the ground, when nothing remained to do but pick it up and throw it somewhere. This might as well have been over the wall for all the use it was. Once Pete thought he had a clear wad to home and a run. He started, but "Quig" got there before him merely because Pete fell down and went to sleep. Then to even matters up with "Quig," Rube stationed & himself on 1st, with a runner on 3rd, and called to "Quig" to throw it, and what did "Quig" do but hand Rube the ball, and the runner scored a run. "Curly" pitched good ball and batted well, and for a while he held the Delegates down to strikes. The glory was "Curly's" for striking "Quig" out, but the pleasure was "Quig's" for allowing the "ancients" a little leeway to enable them to bat a ball, throw out their chests, and say, "I guess we're not in the ‘has beens' as long as we can play baseball like that." Everyone was in good spirits. Professor Wiegandt did good work as field umpire and joined in the goodwill that prevailed. Enjoyment of the day was the object and every one enjoyed themselves or has another guess. Eleven to nine was the score in favor of the Delegates, but some innings had four put-outs, while others had but three. It was an inning when the Club decided that in-bat had been there long enough. It was then that Jake would say, "You're out," put his hand up for the ball, and the batters would say, "How many's out?" Someone replied, "three"; then positions changed. The officers of the H. F. C. go on record as saying that no club can beat another club when the umpire and their best player on whom everything depends conspire to double cross them. No names are here mentioned, and there are two umpires and several good players to pick from on Saturday's team. Let the guilty pair alone say, "I wonder how it was found out." What's good for pains in the legs and arms and a stitch in the back, baseballitis? After the star game two picked teams called the "Happy Thoughts" and the "Ned Cart Rangers" played a game of real good ball, which was called as the assemble was sounded, when with good-will the game was stopped and the blocks fell in with precision and to the tune of bugle and drum marched in orderly array to their several blocks or galleries like a happy bunch of kids after a holiday. The order on the field was splendid. Nothing worth mentioning occurred to mar the pleasure. The recently appointed sergeant-at-arms (B 7783) is to be complimented for the manner in which he performed his duties, and the same is to be said of the delegates. The Warden regretted his inability to be present at this game. When shown the lineup he remarked, "I'd like to be there. Yes, and I'd play too; and maybe you think I can't pitch a ball. Well, I can, and someday I'll show you fellows what kind of baseball the "Gas-house Quicksteps" used to play. And he will too, and take it from "Muh," the Warden, Rube, Bill, Bob and Sam and John, and remember there are some grandsons, chips off the old block. You don't have to go out of the family to pick out a respectable baseball team. "And we'll root, root, root for the home team" "At the old ball game." The baseball season is on now, so let every member do his bit to make the summer a record one for real outside enjoyment. There are many enjoyable surprises for all this summer, so watch your step, sit tight, and be on the job to get all the good things out of the H. F. C. you can. During the week B 7007, 11th Block, left on maximum sentence, and the Club gave him $2.00; B 7796, 9th Block, also left and was loaned car fare, $2.98. Our old friend "Goo-goo" came to the gate and requested the Club to loan him $8.00, a request which was granted. A pleasant occasion this week was when our President held Vice-President A 8432 to his duty and took him down the 2nd Block to pin on an H. F. C. button on each of the new members of the Ladies' Auxiliary of the H. F. C. Pete has been here 23 years and in that time has never beheld such a beautiful gathering of female beauty. He was therefore naturally shy and embarrassed until one young lady was heard to whisper, "Isn't he handsome?" Then it was that Pete met his Waterloo. He blushed deeply, and turning to Mrs. Boal said, "You pin 'em on," and turned and beat it back home. Yes, he lost his nerve, but when it came to pinning a button on Jimmy Double-O, Pete was right on the job, and had the H. F. C. monogram painted on the back of Jimmy's go-cart. Things are becoming brighter every day for the H. F. C. Ninety dollars and forty-three cents was received for rags and paper last week, and the treasury had $140.18, making $230.61. Of course we have some expenses to come from this, such as death, burials and minor debits, but taking everything into consideration we are doing pretty well.A very good proposition was introduced by "Curly" at the last meeting of the Board of Governors: To fit the space of ground between the 12th and 7th blocks for a croquet ground for the elder members of the Club. This was approved by the Warden and steps are being taken to carry out the idea. Next week blocks 1st Section—5-5 G, 7-7 G, 4G, 3-4 B. —B 7542.