---
author: Unknown
day: '2'
editor: B-7413
id: '2615'
image: umpire_1917_074.jpg
issue: '18'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- selfishness
- ' editorial'
title: The Sin of Selfishness
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE SIN OF SELFISHNESS Beyond question selfishness is the most dominant of all personal vices, and the worst of itis that it is the hardest to recognize. When a fault is perfectly evident to its possessor it can be remedied with time and endeavor. But when a fault is quite unnoticed and practically invisible it is harder to overcome. For this reason selfishness is one of the worst faults common to humanity, for most of us are selfish in a greater or lesser degree, but few of us realize it. A quick temper, an aptitude for evading the truth, a jealous or envious nature are all bad faults, but they are easily recognized. Almost everyone who has a hot temper knows his failing and is ashamed of it. The same applies with untruthfulness and jealousy. If we are guilty of telling lies, or of a wave of jealousy or envy, we usually have the grace to blush for such faults. And the very best start toward overcoming a fault is to see it plainly for what it-is and to be ashamed of it. Unfortunately, selfishness is a vice of a different order. It often hides itself under a mask of generosity and virtue, and would be horrified to be called by its real name. It is more often the persons who consider themselves the soul of unselfishness who are the most egotistic at heart, avers The Telegraph, while those who are given to calling themselves selfish and self-immersed are in reality the most self-sacrificing and generous. So many of us, indeed most of us, are absolutely blind to the selfishness which rules our existence. We think because we give what we can to charity and do what we can in the way of sending material comforts to poor relations that we are leading model lives.