---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '2628'
image: umpire_1917_077.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- prison labor
- ' Pennsylvania'
title: Farm Bills Provide for Prison Labor
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

FARM BILLS PROVIDE FOR PRISON LABOR It is announced by a Harrisburg correspondent that two bills recently drafted by William Draper Lewis, and introduced by Representative Walker of this city, providing for the employment of all inmates of prisons and jails in Pennsylvania upon farms, as a war measure, came before the Legislature late last week. Judging from the present agitation, it looks as though the bill will pass. In that event it will mean approximately 8,000 men and money will be added to the State's army of farm workers. It is understood that the bill vests the governing power of any state or county penal institution to lease or accept from any person, a farm or farms, and to place upon such farms the inmates of the prisons or jails, who shall be under the supervision of the warden or superintendent of the institution or their representatives. "It also specifies that the products of such employment of prisoners shall be used in the institution in which they are confined, but that any surplus products may be sold for the best prices obtainable. The Board of Inspectors or governing power is authorized to purchase or lease the necessary farming implements or livestock and charge same to the various counties, pro rata, according to the number of prisoners from each county. Moneys received from the sale of surplus provisions are to be applied in the reimbursement of cost of the implements. The governing power of the prison is also empowered to fix compensation to be paid prisoners for their work."It is expected that, where farms are obtained at a great distance from prisons, inexpensive shacks will be erected and furnished with cots, where the prisoners may be housed at night. The details, however, are left to the governing power of each prison."