---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '2629'
image: umpire_1917_077.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- prison labor
- ' Pennsylvania'
- ' movies'
title: Motion Pictures Win Support For Hess-Walker Bill
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MOTION PICTURES WIN SUPPORT FOR HESS-WALKER BILL Advocating more advanced treatment in dealing with the inmates of prisons in this state Edward H. Morrell, now prominent in prison reform circles in this country, appeared before the House of Representatives at Harrisburg last week with a moving-picture machine, showing the advantages of permitting prisoners to engage in useful employment, instead of keeping them confined in cells in idleness. Mr. Morrell made reference to the advisability of passing the Hess-Walker industrial prison farms bill now before the Legislature. "These bills would establish six industrial prison farms in the state to which persons convicted of minor crimes and sentenced to county prisons would be sent and where they could be employed either in the fields, in dairying or in prison factory work. "More than a hundred legislators and several hundred attaches watched the pictures and listened to Morrell's talk, after which they discussed prison subjects with him. "Morrell's contention, in brief, backed up by facts and experiences, is that the criminal, like any other human being, will respond to humane feeling and fair treatment, and will degenerate under harsh, cruel or subnormal conditions. "Representative Hess declared that Morrell's talk and his motion pictures won the support for the prison farms bills of nearly every legislator present, and that, in spite of the opposition of legislative leaders to the measure on grounds of economy, he predicted a big vote in its favor. He said the proposed prison farms could be made self-sustaining within eighteen months after they are opened.