---
author: B-7542
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '2633'
image: umpire_1917_077.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' Italy'
- ' baseball'
- ' minstrelsy'
- ' sentencing'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES Old home day on "the Hill'? was the name given to the outing on Saturday, and regardless of weather conditions, the members enjoyed themselves. Promptly at 12:45 P. M. the members were called forth, and quickly falling in line of fours, with the American flag on the lead, the large flag borne by four members, and Di Massi with the Italian flag floating in the breeze, a small American flag perched on the pole showing he is an American above all, then Professor Wiegandt with the full brass band each man of whom, with Professor Wiegandt as their leader, offered their services to the country on Friday last. Then the honorary members and the blocks in order, the whole led by Vice-President A 8432, the officers and Board of Governors. It was a stirring sight to see them with true martial bearing, each block's banner floating bravely in the air. Twice around they went. The day was one of those dirty wet days when the sky threatened and the air was raw and cold. It was therefore decided at the last moment to take the Hall. The decision was made on the moment, and therefore no arrangements for any elaborate amusement could be made. President R. C. McKenty explained this, and announced that he had to call on our old friend "Curly" to provide the amusement, and right royally did "Curly" respond. After Professor Wiegandt played several patriotic airs, in which he used the American flag as a baton, its beautiful colors waving to and fro as he directed the band, and during the playing the Warden entered the Hall. When the enthusiasm for the music had subsided, President R. C. McKenty explained the program, Vice-President A 8432 gave a few remarks and the curtain rolled up. Immediately came "Curly," who announced that he had to substitute one of his singers for one who was known to all. This substitute would sing a solo entitled "Old Black Joe," and the entire audience was expected to join in the chorus. (Continued on page 4.) 

(Continued from page 1.)

From the stage door, on the left, came “Our Warden,’’ and after the great applause ceased, the pianist (B 6252) played the prelude and in no uncertain voice Warden McKenty sang that melody dear to all hearts, ‘‘Old Black Joe.” The audience joined heartily in the refrain and the applaus: did not cease until the Warden obeyed the encore and sang again, with the audience, the song and chorus. It was a pity that the whole world could not have been there to note how close was the feeling between Warden and men, what a proof it was that humane treatment and a square deal is true Christianity and bound to bring results. It’s. the small things that really count in their effect and produce actual results in the reform of men.

The show was a repeat on the minstrel, but each performer did his best, and the amuse- ment was satisfactory from every point. Charley Winston sang the ‘‘Prison Blues,’’ (Curly’s own song) and, if anything, outdid himself. In the Buck and Wing Dancing during which Our Warden again showed his interest in things by producing a box of sand and going on the stage sprinkled the sand on the stage, that the dancers could get a better action.

Winston took the laurels in this contest, and take it from ‘‘Muh’’, he’s some dancer. “Jud’’ Johnson, Will Brooks and ‘‘Josh’’ Sterling did their accustomed good work and were each applauded. It was intended to produce the ‘‘Honor and Friendship March,”’ a new composition by Hubert Coombs, a young member who bids fair to some day be heard from in the musical world. The offer by a musical house to buy the march outright has been refused. Walter knows a good thing and is holding on. It will be given at the next band concert.

Thus passed the afternoon, and while a bright sunny day might have been more to the taste, there is no one who was there on Saturday but what will feel that he has a personal friend in the ‘‘Big Boss,” our Warden.

There were several matters of interest to the members during the week. The Bennie Franklin Tots were in on Thursday. They came in answer to B 7495, 6252, 4229, 3998, 8268, 6720 and 7879, seven members who presented them each with an inlaid box, the little wee lady with a great big box, the clever Quaker with a good size box, while the great big lady with a wee sma’ box. Very well pleased were they each with the box. Charlie, the pianist, who presented the boxes, blushed to the few roots he has on top of his head, when he hoped that each box would be filled with diamonds some day. Sume speech, Charlie

A delayed letter from the Missouri State Penitentiary relating to information as to forming an honor system, which is being formed in that institution, was received and answered, due emphasis being made on the regret that was felt at the delay.

Letters to the Club from fellows who have gone out are always welcome, and when we hear of a member who has gone, we all feel gratified. Such news as this was received last week, and good luck is with him.

We expected to receive a few notes from the H. F. C. Ladies” Auxiliary of the 2nd Block this week, stating the opinions of the minstrel show. Don’t be afraid of Pete, ladies. He’s harmless and won’t bite.

The Vice-President was happy to be able to dispose of some of the fine handiwork for the Ladies’ Auxiliary. Any way in which the Club can help becomes a pleasure.

The Club is getting closer together every day. One of the delegates was pardoned last week, and another good fellow who went away some time since, called on President R. C. McKenty with the request for a loan of $25.00 to buy needed instruments with which to follow his profession. It was granted, and another good fellow has a start.

The Secretary of the Prisoners’ Aid Society made a call on the Secretary of the Honor and Friendship Club and discussed ways and means for the two organizations to get together and jointly assist men, both inside and out. A lengthy discussion was given the details of a paper prepared by the Prisoners’ Aid Society Secretary relating to the legislation known as the One-Third Bill, and sug- gestions from the prisoners’ point of view were given and accepted and changes made in accordance. The Secretary of the P. A. S. was open to argument and absolutely fair, and listened attentively to every suggestion.

Each member should feel elated over this notice and acknowledgment of the good being performed by the Club.

At the last meeting of the Board of Delegates there were fourteen applicants for membership who were made members. Of these ten were new members, three were returned parole violators, and one who had been released on pardon. The population on Saturday was—
MALE 1417 
FEMALE 27 
TOTAL 1444

The 7th Block was the best marching block, with the 4th Block close second. 

Next week, May 12th, Second Section—10- 11-6-6 G, 12-12-1-2 G, 8-9-1st blocks. 

—B 752.