---
author: Unknown
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '2636'
image: umpire_1917_078.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: As to Right Thinking
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

AS TO RIGHT THINKING

Right thinking makes harmonious relations with others, and wrong thinking brings about in most of casesour troubles. We are constantly sending out either right or wrong thoughts to others and in the degree that the good or bad predominate, just so will our condition in life follow.

Perhaps you may have noticed the power of a good thought to overcome an opposite state in an acquaintance or friend; have seen that a few words of encouragement has the power to dispel discouragement or depression. That is clearly the demonstration of a good or cheering thought over a wrong or misdirected thought.

This principle can be applied to all phases in life, such as sickness, sorrow, or unhappi ness of any kind, and if we can once come into a full understanding of the power of gond thougats to overcome our misfortunes, then surely we shall have open up an avenue of escape from conditions that lead to unhappiness and sorrow. It does not require a tremendous mental exertion to do this. The main thing is to make the effort. Begin by trying. Start the day by saying, There is something that may transpire which can make me discontented, angry or unhappy. I will refuse to let it upset me. If you adhere to this, then you begin to have control over your thoughts.

In the past many have thought that they could be contented, good tempered, or happy if it were not for others, but if we endeavor to practise self-control first, the rest will follow as a matter of course. So if our friends and acquaintances do not happen to conform to our wishes, it is best for us to avoid the error of letting their misdirected thoughts have the power to cause us any dis- turbance, for they have no power to disconcert us unless we permit them. This being true, why not begin at once to put in practise what we know will lead to a different and happier trend of thought? If we believe in the power of thought—and that is what controls our moods, our happiness—it is wrong for us not to apply this power for our good and uplift.

Begin today and make new efforts at con- trol of your thoughts. Strive to hold to the best until we see it beginning to take form. This will be an effort in the right direction. If we repeat this effort constantly we will soon be living in an atmosphere of comparative peace and happiness.