---
author: Kaufman, Herbert
day: '9'
editor: B-7413
id: '2639'
image: umpire_1917_078.jpg
issue: '19'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
title: The Man Who Came Back
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE MAN WHO CAME BACK

A prominent writer says that the most thrilling novels are bound in man-skin. The most amazing characters are in the moving pictures on the sidewalks.

Not long ago a gray-haired man walked out of a certain state penitentiary.

The felon’s stripe was on his rame, but he did not bury his identity under an alias in a strange city —he went straight home to make good where he had gone wrong.

“I’ve found a place for you in Louisville,’’ remarked one of his friends.

““‘But I didn’t make a mess of things there,’’ answered the ex-prisoner. “Here's where I fell down and where I mean to get up.”

The other day some men formed an organization to advance commercial efficiency. They were the forethinkers of the country, the best players of a game in which stability and honor are the basic rules; trade can not extend far beyond the limit of credit; char- acter is essential wherever-barter exists on a considerable scale.

The directing officers of an association whose fortunes are predicted upon the promotion of clean methods and fair dealing must necessarily have demonstrated the possession of unusual moral force.

Among the delegates were heads of corporations whose trade-marks are tongue coin throughout civilization, ex-cabinet officers, owners of chain stores and strings of factories—all willing candidates for the presidency of such a powerful body.

But the assembly by overwhelming vote expressed its preference for a human dime novel—for a bundle of steel springs whose vehement, compelling mind had dominated the session from the opening hour.

They chose a MAN who had long before that day manhandled a destiny against which a multitude has vainly battled from time im- memorial.

They knew his past, the splendid story of will that triumphed over error, and they were honored to honor the courage andstrength that accepted Fate on her own bitter terms and forthwith beat the jade to her knees.

Straight up from the mire—out of disgrace and doubt and prejudice—through setback and rebuff—despite handicap, unbelief and suspicion—the man who wouldn’t be scrapped had come back.

Determined to surmount adverse circumstance, he forced society to yield place and respect.

There is no shame attached to a past which has been expiated by a useful and worthy career.

Stumbles are not counted in the winning score. A good finish erases a bad start.

Only a coward permits one mistake to junk his future.

—Herbert Kaufman.