---
author: B-7542
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '2650'
image: umpire_1917_081.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' charity'
title: H.F.C. Assistance
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

H. F. C. ASSISTANCE

Among other matters which the officers of Honor and Friendship Club are called on to answer are the remarks of some disgruntled applicant for assistance. Of course they know that a member who thinks he will put one over and get away with a piece of change has a grouch when he learns that his hopes have been destroyed, but he should be a good sport and say "caught with the goods,” “cop a plea," and say nothing.

Illustrating, this last week an application for assistance was received by the Secretary who cailed on the applicant with the printed form for answers. This was as follows (with the name and number blank): Married? No. Family? None. Where sent from? Scranton. Date of release? May— . Where do you propose to go? Philadelphia. Who is your sponsor? Mr. Dipple. Have you any money? Yes. How much? $1.75. How much gate money? $10.00. How much money do you request the Club to loan you? $20.00. When can you repay it? September 1st. Will you sign a paper to repay the money? Yes. Further questioning developed that the man had served five years of a three to ten-year sentence, charged with pendering. Had no home, nor any clothes except a new suit and the clothes he wore in.

This application explained in detail is for example. Here’s a man with a sponsor, who will care for him until he secures work. Two suits of clothes, one new and the other at least fit to work in, going out to his freedom with $11.75 in his pocket, and yet wanted to take $20.00 from the ones left behind. What for? Is there any need he could have, single, young, healthy and strong, that would require $20.00 of our hard gathered money? A little investigation found he bhad been smoking a box of cigars each week while here, paying good money for them, and other small luxuries had been indulged in with a real gentleman’s lack of care for the morrow. It is needless to guide the mind to the different, thoughts that came to the Board of Governors’ minds when the application was read. Also it is needless to say that this man was refused assistance. He was refused without any consideration and the Club serves notice that any application of a like nature is sure of refusal. If a member leaving is in need and worthy of assistance it is a pleasure to aid him and the Club’s treasury is for that purpose

The assistance is in the form of a loan. Each one assisted, if it is possible, should repay the loan. We do not ask a man to deprive himself to repay the Club, that is left to him, but he must be worthy of assistance and his sincerity of purpose must pass the scrutiny of the Secretary, the Board of Governors, and the President to be able to handle the Club’s money. 

—B 7542, Secretary.