---
author: Unknown
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '2655'
image: umpire_1917_082.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: Get Acquainted With Yourself
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

GET ACQUAINTED WITH YOURSELF

Some one has said that few men know much concerning themselves and are rather hazy at the fact of their very being, until some one-comes along and gives them a jolt which starts them to thinking that no one thing on earth is so vital as to know of themselves.

Many men spend years in acquiring a knowl- edge and development of the purely intellectual side of life, but that knowledge can not compare with the necessity of getting thoroughly acquainted with yourself and find- ing out what you are and where you expect to "get off at.”

You may be likened to a block of stone that has been chiselled down to human size, and, until some deep sorrow happens to cross your path, the weaknesses of your character are not revealed. It is then that you begin to find yourself and to realize perhaps, that there is more in life than in "drifting along with the tide.”

It is at this turn of affairs that you begin to seek for something out of the ordinary strife and whirl of life’s course, and to feel the need of other and stronger influences that appeal to your higher self.

This is the time to turn your thoughts to- ward the splendors of Nature, and to mentally depict the beauties of the hills and valleys as finished by the Master Hand. It needs no ritual, no doctrine, no elaboration of any kind to show its perfection and appealing grandeur; the inspiring certainty of it all is ample.

Any one who tries to write out the Golden Rule, or disputes the intrinsic value of Divine Mind as a positive need for guidance in our daily lives, or who would attempt to reason away what we know is right and true, is headed for disaster.

These doubters seem to take delight in attempting to make others unhappy with their pessimistic ideas, to trample down and overturn whatever bears a hope for future development or rehabitation. But if we will but listen to the “still small voice within," that constantly tries to make itself heard, there can be no question that we will come into the full consciousness of a rugged belief of a future that is worth the while.

It is when we become thoroughly convinced of this fact that we begin to get acquainted with ourselves and to understand that it remains with us to make a finished fight to the end that nothing can bar our progress to a better relation with the world, if we will only make up our mind to constantly adhere to our convictions.