---
author: The Square Deal
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '2656'
image: umpire_1917_082.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison reform
title: The Excessive Sentence
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE EXCESSIVE SENTENCE

Outside of being punitive the excessive sentence is a mistake. If society wishes to punish, the excessive sentence could not be improved upon, but if reformation is desired, and that seems to be uppermost in most prisons today, the exccssive sentence is a decided detriment. The one who has been unfortunate enough to receive one of those long-term sentences sees many enter and leave prison for the same grade of offense that he commatted. In mostinstances this leads to embitterment, he feels and thinks that he has been discriminated against, that society has shown no leniency to him, that society has exacted its pound of flesh to the uttermost, and that in return he owes nothing to society.

As long as the one with an excessive sentence feels that he has had an injustice done him any suggestion of reform will meet with no response—he wlll be apathetic. Knowing that it may be many years before the day of his release comes, his interest in life lags—it is only the strongest that can endure the strain and still keep hope alive.

A uniform minimum sentence of one year with the maximum as it is, would leave the Board of Parole sufficient diseriminating powers, when in their opinion a man was ready for it he could be granted a parole without violating any of the statutes. If within two or three years a man has not learned the folly of his ways the chances are that a longer term would not remedy matters in the least.

When he has received some donsideration from society—some leniency—he feels that he owes something in return, that it is up to him to show that it is appreciated, and in most cases the one thus favored will make good.

But he should have his chance without being made to wait too long for it, before long years of waiting have taken energy. ambition and hope away, before time has sapped strength and vitality, before isolation from the outside world has broken his spirit. When society uses punitive rather than reformative methods it is easy to see that it may be putting a stumbling block in the way of the one it expects to make good.— The Square Deal.