---
author: Votaw, A. H.
day: '16'
editor: B-7413
id: '2662'
image: umpire_1917_083.jpg
issue: '20'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- prison reform
- ' sentencing'
title: Concerning the Indeterminate Sentence
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

CONCERNING THE INDETERMINATE SENTENCE

By A. H. Votaw, Sec’y The Pennsylvania Prison Society

No state has up to date enacted a law providing for an absolutely indeterminate sentence as a penalty for crime.

Under those conditions the function of the Court would be purely judicial. The Judge or jury would decide whether a defendant was guilty as charged in the indictment. The prisoner, if found guilty, would be consigned to administrative officials who should determine how long he should be detained. They would be supposed to retain the criminal until they believe he is ready to resume the duties of citizenship.

In 42 states we find some form of the indeterminate sentence.

In nearly all the states a definite or flat sentence is subject to commutation for good behavior.

In fourteen states the minimum is placed at one year, after which time the prisoner is eligible for parole. There may be some exceptions, as in the case of life sentences.

In nearly one-third of the states, inclusive of Pennsylvania, both maximum and minimum sentence is at the discretion of the Court. Admitting that various degrees of malevolence are manifest in the commission of a crime of the same name, this system has brought about much dissatisfaction, resulting, as it has, often in ridiculously inequitable sentences. Hence a majority of the states where there is some form of the indeterminate sentence place some limit on the minimum. It may be one-third, or one-half, or two-thirds of the maximum. The minimum may not be less less than six months, or one year, or two years. The minimum may vary with the crime. Life sentences may have a minimum of five years, seven years, eight years, thirteen years, fifteen years, or sixteen years.

In states where a probation law is in force the convicted man may be said to be eligible for parole at once.

Enough has been said to indicate that there are almost infinite varieties of the indeterminate sentence and the parole privilege.

The first law of the kind in Pennsylvania, excepting for the Reformatory at Huntington, was enacted in 1909. The Pennsylvania Prison Society, the Catholic Society for Visiting Prisoners and a special committee collaborated in the preparation of a bill which was passed by a large majority in the Legislature of Pennsylvania. In this bill the minimum was placed at one-fourth the maximum.

Many Judges of the state found the provisions of this bill unsatisfactory to them. They insisted that the determination of the sentence was exclusively a judicial function. Through their influence, an amendment to the law was passed in 1912 placing the determination of both the maximum and minimum at the discretion of the Court. The Pennsylvania Prison Society implored the Assembly that the 1909 law be tested by an experience of a few more years, but their efforts were unavailing. The amendment prevailed. The Judges recognized the principle of the indeterminate sentence, but insisted that the Court, not any other tribunal, should place the limits.

Powerful influences prevented attempts to change the law of 1911 in the legislatures of 1913 and 1915. Meanwhile the reports of the Pennsylvania Prison Society inveighed against the iniquity of the system. We have never cast any reflections on the judiciary of the Commonwealth. The Judges are men of high repute as jurists, but an inspection of sentences convinces a thoughtful person that the various Judges differ considerably in the application of the law. The time has seemed ripe in this year of 1917 to make another effort to secure some change in the sentencing of prisoners so that our system may correspond with modern ideals. Our Committee had the subject under consideration, and after consultation with Mr. Walker, of this city, introduced in the House the bill which our Acting Committee fully endorsed. This bill has passed in the House by a large majority and is now being considered in the Senate Judiciary Committee. This amendment provides that the minimum shall not be more than one-third the maximum. When a judicious Board has decided that a prisoner is supposed to discharge the duties of a good citizen, we think he should not be detained a moment longer. Our Society would entrust to a competent Board the entire deter- mination of the time when a prisoner should be released. However, in all reformatory measures it seems necessary to make some kind of apparent compromises with conservatism. Hence, in 1911 it was a sort of concession to the judicial authorities that we accepted the fraction ‘‘one-fourth” the maximum.