---
author: R. E. A.
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '2683'
image: umpire_1917_086.jpg
issue: '21'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- poetry
title: Orpheus in the E.S.P.
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

ORPHEUS IN THE E. S. P.

‘‘Music hath charms’’ the Poet wrote, 
And phrased it excellently well, 
Ulysses feared the Siren’s note, 
And by it Orpheus won through Hell, 
Yet left Furydice behind 
As you leave us, but never mind, 
You sang, and we’re the more resigned.

‘‘Mandalay’’
You who have followed the world around, 
What were you thinking then?
Did you hear the drums of the desert sound 
Calling you back again
To the blazing reach of a tropic beach, 
Or the gloom of a jungle way?
Did the old love wake, and yearn to take 
The road to Mandalay?

“Rolling Down to Rio’’
You who have followed the sea in s‘hips, 
What did it mean to you?
Did you taste the salt sea spray on your lips 
As you followed the chanty through? 
You who have seen the long seas lift, 
The pale stars peer through the scudding drift,
What were the dreams you knew? 

“Briar Rose’’
It bloomed for you in a country lane 
For you in a city street, 
But will the Rose e’er bloom again, 
You trod beneath your feet? 
The one Rose, the White Rose, you plucked and tosst away, 
Oh! what wouldn’t you give if you could but live, 
Over that bygone day!

“Le Jeal’s Credo’’—(Sung by E. S. P. Choir. )
And you, the whole of you broken men, 
What were your thoughts as you raised the hymn, 
Your soul’s belief thus voicing? 
Were your thoughts of the Past and its sore defeats, 
Were the lusts and the wines, broken meats, 
The cause of your thus rejoicing? 
Was it not that you thought of the day to come, 
When you’ve paid in full for the deed you’ve done, 
And the cloud has passed from o’er you‘? 
When the gates unbar and you’re free again, 
And better, and braver, and wiser men 
With newer life before you.

“The Star Spangled Banner"
You that have worn the old uniform, 
What were you thinking of? 
If you had your will, would you follow it still, 
The old Flag that we love? 
Were you given the chance, would you ‘list for France, 
And go marching away to the war, 
To die like a man, in the battle van, 
With the old Flag floating o’er?

The days that are so long and drear, 
You’ve brightened with a thread of gold; 
We have one hour the less to fear 
Of all the tale that’s left untold, 
And we’re all of us sorry, and all of us glad; 
Glad of the glorious hour we had, 
Sorry that ever we’d been so bad.

—R. E. A.