---
author: B-8266
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '2684'
image: umpire_1917_087.jpg
issue: '21'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- ESP news
- ' music'
title: Prisoner Writes Song
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

PRISONER WRITES SONGS

Housed on one of the galleries at a distance from the rotunda of the great penal institu- tion and unable to see the vocalists and musicians, a non-Catholic prisoner, sentenced to solitary confinement,” who composed the lines, "On Hearing St. Stephen’s Choir,” published in The Catholic Standard and Times on October 7, 1916, attuned his lyre and broke forth into song last Sunday afternoon while listening to a concert given under the auspices of the American Society for Visiting Catholic Prisoners by the Ladies of San Domingo Choral inthe Eastern State Penitentiary, Twenty-first Street and Fairmount Avenue. The concert was voted a success and won the plaudits of the inmates.

The verses were inspired by whistling solos by Miss Loretta McCann to a piano accompaniment. They are as follows:

“TURN BACK THE UNIVERSE AND GIVE ME YESTERDAY.”
O yesterday! O yesterday!
Will memory never die? 
To shamed, expectant, eager gaze
What ghosts go trooping by. 
Ghosts of the loved ones lost or dead; 
Ghosts of the happy days long fled; 
Whispers of words we left unsaid:
They come to smile, or leer,
They bring regret or cheer. 
But oh, the tightening of the throat, 
Responsive to that dying note
Of yesterday!

“WHEN YOU AND I WERE YOUNG, MAGGIE.”
Oh! gay it is, and sweet it is, 
And soft and tender, too. 
And oh, bow it brings back to us 
The golden days we knew. 
And all the dark and dreary days; 
The uphill, long and weary ways; 
Have vanished in a golden haze, 
Of your sweet magic born. 
The tinsel long outworn, 
Is bright and gleaming gold again, 
And glitters as it glittered then, 
When you and I were young.

"THE END OF A PERFECT DAY."
The sunshine seemed a bit more bright; 
The skies a deeper blue, 
And many a weary heart was light 
Just for the hearing you. 
You whistled us back from the deeper mire: 
Back ‘o the land of our Heart’s Desire, 
And kindled anew the dying fire, 
That once had flamed so high, 
And gave new strength to try. 
To be staunch and true to the best in us,
However the world be testing us, 
Is the End of a Perfect Day.

“THE LAST ROSE OF SUMMER.”
There’s a Last Rose of Summer In the hearts of us all; 
Oh! the times without number 
It has threatened to fall: 
Leaving all cold and desolate 
The heart that once was elate
With love and joy: 
Still daring Fate
To strike once more,
Though still full sore; 
Is redolent with scents of June 
And glorious with nascent bloom 
Of that Last Rose.

The members of the choral were directed by Dr. Joseph P. Burns. Miss McCann was the accompanist. The program follows: “The Mariners," Randegger; ‘‘Song at Sunrise,” Manney; ‘‘Dance Song,’’ Von Weinzierl; “The Palms,’’ Faure; "Absent,” Metcalf-Lynes; ‘‘The Two Marionettes,” Cooke; “Swing Song,” Lohr; and “Dutch Dolls,” Ostlere. 

—8266.