---
author: Unknown
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '2686'
image: umpire_1917_087.jpg
issue: '21'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- Aztecs
- ' information literature'
title: Aztec Customs
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

AZTEC CUSTOMS

The religion of the ancient Mexicans seems to have been characterized throughout by a peculiar bloodthristiness, involving constant human sacrifice. This trait is even exhibited in connection with the burial of their dead. The feast of the dead was celebrated after this fashion: “They took a fagot of ocotl, which in Spain would be pitch-wood, and they dressed it up in blanket or dress. If the dead person had been a woman, they dressed the fagot in her petticoats and put it in front of cooking-pots and other household utensils. If the dead person had been a chief and a valiant man, they dressed the fagot in a rich mantle and waist-cloth and labret and gave it a handful of pitch-wood. The labret was made of a piece of amber or crystal. This, which they were accustomed to wear when they drank or danced in their native ceremonies, hung down from a hole pierced through the lip. They seated the image on a sleeping-mat, and they put there much food, and they invited the principal men there. Then they yut fire to the pitchwood, and everything which tkey had put there burned up.” The custom of burning up an image, together with offerings for the dead, was not only found among the Aztecs, but is also common among the Indians of California today.