---
author: B-7542
day: '23'
editor: B-7413
id: '2690'
image: umpire_1917_088.jpg
issue: '21'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' music'
- ' '
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At 1 o’clock sharp the delegates gave the word and in each block the men came forth in pleased anticipation of their holiday. In orderly twos they marched to the yard and assembled four abreast and, with the full brass band of 64 pieces following the officers and members of the Board of Governors of the Club, at the word from Vice-President A 8432, marshal of the day, they were off. To the right “Old Glory,’’ to the left the blue and gold (the Club’s banner), then Pete and the officers as guard of honor to the large American flag carried by eight of the younger members.

Then came ‘‘Quig, " the Club’s father, as drum major to the band, and how he did twirl that stick! Some stunt, that stick stuff.

Professor Wiegandt was absent and the leadership of the band fell on Jack Evans, and he did himself proud, both in line and at the concert.

A pause was made at the exit, when the Warden, President of the Club, and an assembly of guests, reviewed the procession; the band then halted and gave the United States national march. Twice around the wall they marched, while the patriotic music inspired each man. Finally the march ended at the Garage grounds, and breaking ranks each member was free to wander at will while the teams for the baseball game were being arranged. The first game was between two picked teams and resulted in a score of 8—4. The second was between the Shoe Shop and 4th Block; score 9—6. There was little or no brilliant playing but plenty of good sport.

The concert on the band stand was giving continuous good music, with some good singing from Curly’s Minstrel Quartette—Winston, Jud Johnson, Charlie Addison, and Sam Mollisten. They sang once and an encore, which was well received and applauded. Choir Master Evans sang a song for the boys, which sent a thrill through all who heard him.

“Little Harry’’ had his flag board in evidence, and several fellows had articles they exposed for sale. When it came to deciding the best marching block, the officers were undecided, there was such a marked improvement, but the choice was between the 1st and 4th blocks. President Rube was called to decide, and after trying to hedge, he finally said the 7th. Not satisfied the Warden was referred to and said the 4th was the best, all but one man, who appeared to have three feet.

“Happy Jack,” who was standing near, replied that three feet might make a yard, but it did not make perfect marching. Which is sure true so. This week the honors go to the 7th Block, and the beautiful American flag rests this week with the victors and owners.

There has not been much of a startling nature for the members this week. Three fellows went out on parole, with the good wishes of all, —B 8383, 8024, 8032.

The delegates voted $25.00 to the Y. M. C.A. Soldiers Relief Fund, and the Club was given a notice in the Public Ledger.

Bulletin boards are now placed around the yard at the Garage, Storehouse, Hospital yard and wall. B 8361 (Curly) has accepted the office of Editor-in-Chief of the Publicity Bureau of the H. F. C., and with B 7542 (Doc) as his associate and B 8099 (Walter) as the typist they cull different items of in- terest from the morning papers, type it, and have it on the bulletin boards each morning. Insist on hearing the news from your dele- gate each morning.

Next week 2nd Section—11—6—6 G, 12—12 —1-2, 8—9—1—-10.

Population, male, 1417; female, 27. Total, 1444. Last number, B 8711. 
—B 7542.

(To be continued next week.)