---
author: Meade, Rear Admiral
day: '30'
editor: B-7413
id: '2694'
image: umpire_1917_089.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- patriotism
title: The Flag, God Bless It
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE FLAG, GOD BLESS IT

The Star Spangled Banner of the United States of America, may God bless it forever and forever!

Oh, my country, North, South, East and West, does not this glorious emblem speak to us even as the radiant vision of the fiery cross in the heavens, is said to have spoken to the great Roman soldier and tell us, ‘‘By this sign—CONQUER?”

Look at it as in the early sunlight; it kisses the morning breeze with its beautiful folds, look at it and tell me if it be not the one true rallying mark for all honest hearts of whatever ancestry, creed or belief who own allegiance to this mighty Republic!

Look at its beautiful colors as they gleam in the splendor of the rising sun, the white symbolic of purity and honor, the red typical of the blood which has been shed and which will continue to be freely shed in defense of the integrity and perpetuity of American institutions, and the blue its shining, silvery stars representing the great canopy of heaven, under which the soldier of the Republic on the land toils on the weary march or biv- ouacs in the silence of the night, or the sailor on the broad expanse of the ocean keeps his weary watch and vigil, that the citizens of the Republic may rest secure while over all, “He who watches over His true Israel neither slumbers nor sleeps.”

Yes: under this immortal banner men of all shades of political opinion, of all forms of religious belief, can rally for the, eternal principles of Right, Justice and Liberty under the law. 

Loyalty to the colors! Loyalty to the flag of the nation! that is the creed of the Amer- ican sailor and soldier, and I hope and be- lieve, the universal religion of the land.

And the nation will cease to be great should the evil day ever come when there are found dissenters to this creed. —REAR ADMIRAL MEADE, in the Independent in 1398.