---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-7413
id: '2699'
image: umpire_1917_090.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- forgiveness
- ' advice'
title: Why Not Forget It?
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WHY NOT FORGET IT?

Believing that when a person has paid the penalty of an infraction of the law, they should be freed from further humiliation, a prominent writer avers that society should forget it and help the erring party to regain a firm foundation in the esteam of their fellow-men. Too often, unfortunately, the tendency of the average person in the outer world runs the other way, and an inclination to ‘‘knock’’ seems to prevail.

Let a person in a large city go wrong and pay the penalty and he has a chance of living in the present and future only. The crowds are too extensive, the pressure of life too strong for any one to remember long the past offenses of his neighbor, which is one of the advantages of living in a big city.

But it’s quite different in the small town or the country. There are too many people to remember what should be forgotten. Much of the natural kindness which comes from contact with the fields and the wooded hills is overlaid too often by the inclination to gossip or speak disparagingly of one’s neighbor.

An incident is cited that happened in a small town in an adjoining state, in which a local coal dealer was convicted of giving short weight of coal. He was cited to appear before a justice and was fined. Having no other ready means of support he continued in the coal business. He found it hard to make ends meet. Former friends and neighbors made his way rough by constantly talking about his lapse from the ways of straight dealing, and even irritated his feelings by making a jest of the incident.

So he decided to circumvent his accusers by making a bold announcement by putting the.following advertisement in a local paper:

“Standard Weight.—There may be people in town who doubt the accuracy of my scales, which is due, no doubt, to the fact that we were once convicted of giving short weight. Scales are a delicate apparatus and are bound to get damaged occasionally. This happened once last fall. We were cited to appear before the justice, which we did, and pleaded guilty to having defective scales at our place of business—but without intent to cheat. Accidents are bound to happen in any business. Ask us about it. I believe we can explain it to your satisfaction.”

Surely, it is hard to believe that a man who wrote thus and was willing to explain to any one who approached him properly, is a dishonest man at heart.

He makes a frank appeal to his neighbors, to the people with whom he must live and do business, to have faith and to believe the best of him rather than the reverse. He asks them to take his word for it that the defect in the scales was there by accident.

Would it not be better to believe him? Why not believe others when they say they mean to do well? It is an obligation we owe to the human family which is common to us all, to believe the best we can of our fellow-beings, rather than the worst.