---
author: Unknown
day: '30'
editor: B-7413
id: '2700'
image: umpire_1917_090.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: Self-Consciousness
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

SELF-CONSCIOUSNESS

Of all the mental troubles that afflict mankind, there is none that seems quite so real as the agony of self-consciousness.

Let us stop for a moment and analyze this dis-ease (lack of ease) that torments. Self- consciousness defined is a state of being in which one can never forget the physical and dwell only in the mental, free and unfettered; an exaggerated form of conceit—unconscious conceit to be sure, but true nevertheless—in which thought dwells constantly on self; an agonized state of mind in which the one afflicted is so conscious of his person, speech and actions that he suffers mental tortures when in the presence of others.

Now let us reverse the words and see what we get—consciousness of self. If we only were, for a moment even, conscious of the real self intended by nature, with what different eyes would we view this heretofore tormenting malady—self-consciousness.

Usually this state of mind is found cnly in persons rather predisposed to worry and ner- vous excitability. It is most common among young girls—dear, charming girls in every other respect, who would be shocked to think any one regarded self-consciousness as selfish or as self-centered.

In a vain effort to rid themselves of that which robs them of the calmness and peace of mind that they are rightfuily entitled to, they grapple with the disturber of peace. It is a lesson in adjustment to life—a lesson in looking to the happiness of others before your own. 

Let go; relax and listen for the still, small voice.

In the mad rush of this great modern world of ours, too much—far too much— thought is expended on what we seem to be, not what we really are, on the fleeting and material. Let us look behind the fleshly mask and meet ‘‘our pilot face to face,” the pilot that is guiding us— whither?

Are our thoughts—the Great Pilot—leading us toward a haven of peace and right thinking and consequently right living? Or do they tend to make us dwell too much on our physical bodies and the inharmonious manifested therein?

Mental poise means perfect poise. To the perfect adjustment of the one will result the other. A disturbed and unhappy mental attitude will soon result in frayed and worn-out nerves.

Can we afford to be unhappy physically, mentally or financially? Think unhappiness and it will be reflected in some untoward condition of the body, and this again must influence, sooner or later, our financial affairs.

Be self-conscious if you must, but be conscious of a self perfectly poised, master of your destiny and looking fearlessly toward a future filled with assurances of victory.

Take your place among men, strong in the knowledge that ycu can. Forget your self-consciousness and be conscious of self, your real, calm and radiant self. Then and only then will all distressing symptems—such as a rush of blood to the head, causing the face to redden uncomfortably, hands to become hot and clammy, and to such nervousness in speech as to cause difficulty in presenting the thought we wish to expiess in a cleer, lucid and concise way—be met and overcome.

I do not suggest the impossible, for self-poise—self-poised to a realization of one’s freedom of nature is your God-given right. Claim it, then use it and watch the result. Instead of a shrinking body and shrunken faith in your ability to overccme, raise head high and thoughts higher, enter into the spiritual consciousness of your power and— rejoice.

No more will the desire to remain apart from your fellow-man fill you, but, glovgling with the results of happy and right thoughts, you will take your rightful place in "the consciousness of power.” You will “‘be glad of life because it gives you a chance to serve.”