---
author: B-6808
day: '30'
editor: B-7413
id: '2702'
image: umpire_1917_091.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- prison
- ' mail'
title: Unlimited Mail
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

UNLIMITED MAIL

A short time ago THE UMPIRE had a very able editorial on unlimited mail and daily newspapers.

A great deal has been printed lately in both public and prison press relative to both.

There are today fifteen states that have unrestricted mail, and thirty-five have better writing privileges than one letter per month, and thirty-five have the daily papers.

It might also be noted that in those fifteen states having unlimited mail the voluntary discipline has improved wonderfully.

Experience teaches that there is no more humanizing influence than that of family and friends, and it can be truthfully said that had we kept closer to the apron-strings of mother, wife or friends, ninety per cent of us would not be here.

It only requires the awakening of the humanizing spirit, lying temporarily dormant in all prisoners, to re-establish them once more in society as real men and women.

There is no better method for those placed: as we are than the daily letter, and instead of a privilege granted it should be compul- sory for all prisoners to write at least once a week to family or friends, thereby forging the link once broken by a foolish whim of our own.

There is no better place to start the link than here, and no better time than now.

Pennsylvania should not be among the last to fall in line with this great character builder.

—B 6808.