---
author: B-7542
day: '30'
editor: B-7413
id: '2708'
image: umpire_1917_092.jpg
issue: '22'
layout: item
month: '5'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

History has been made by the Honor and Friendship Club during the week just past.

To begin with, taking the initiative, and to show the world that our patriotism is sincere, the Club purchased five Liberty War We now stand alone as a prison organization holding the bonds of our country.

Another matter of moment is that the evidence produced by investigation of the Club and presented to the Parole Board was considered and given proper weight, with the result that a man was reparoled and released. This man (B 7783) has promised the Club to make good and by example increase the good work of the H. F. C.

Again the Club has been instrumental in reparoling ‘‘Quig,’’ the Club’s father. This makes the Club an orphan, but the step-father (Pete) is with us and we will worry along and wish both of these fellows the best of luck. Especially will these two be in the limelight, and the hope is that these two will prove by their future life the good that is being done.

During the week, our friend, Mr. Edward Kraupa, came to the Club’s cause. In a splendid letter to The Evening Bulletin he proclaimed the good opinion he has of the boys out here. The letter shows how deep is our friend’s feeling for the boys on the “Hill.” We thank you, Mr. Kraupa. We know what you mean, and with tears in our eyes we say, ‘‘God bless men like Edward Kraupa.”

The H. F. C. introduced summer on Saturday, when, with their new uniforms and white caps, with the highly polished insignia of office on each delegate’s cap, a Keystone in bronze, with the word Delegate in prominent letters. Each officer and governor had a distinctive insignia showing forth and looking natty and clean, the whole body appearing to be imbued with an unaccustomed brightness. Each man was on his mettle, and from the moment when, at 1 o’clock sharp, the delegates on each block gave the signal to come forth and the men came out smiling and eager, there was good-feeling in the air.

The line was formed on the Garage grounds and the band on the lead struck up a martial air and Vice-President A 8432 Grand Marshal, gave the signal, and the march was on. This week the large American flag owned by the 7th Block led the procession, and the smaller one on one side, with the Club’s flag on the other, made a beautiful display. On the reviewing stand, at the exit, stood Warden McKenty, President Rube and other distinguishea guests, one of whom remarked, "I really believe, Warden, those fellows are on the level and realize what they stand for, and mean it, too.”

“Of course they do,” replied Warden Mec- Kenty, and they’d deliver the goods, if they had the chance.”

The march was ended at the Garage grounds after making two complete circles around the wall; then an opening game of baseball was begun between the 1st and Sth blocks. The 8th won out by a score of 18 to 11.

Then the 9th and 10th played a game, with the score 12 to 14 in favor of the 10th.

Jake, the representative delegate who manages the 9th Block E. S. P. team, is the H. F. C. baseball manager, and he has made a rule that on H. F. C. days no professionals shall play. Only those who play ball at no other time than Saturday, and shall have handed in their line-up before Friday noon, shall be eligible to play on Saturday. This gives every one a chance. The game was all right and was enjoyed by all.

Professor Wiegandt, after the parade, which, by the way, proved another victory for the 1st Block, who had the unanimous vote as being the best marchers.

And why not? They had a new American flag, the largest and most beautiful ever seen inside and none more beautiful outside, and naturally each man was proud to be part owner of this beautiful prize, and showed it by his bearing and marching. Good! You did well, 1st—and all credit to you. After the parade the Professor assembled the band on the band stand, and a concert was given, interspersed with the vocal selections by Curly’s Minstrel Quartette. This entertainment was enjoyed by all under a canopy of flags, the edges decorated with brighter flags and banners.

The new flag of the 1st Block, dear Old Glory, with its smaller neighbor of the 7th Bleck, while green, white and red of the Italian flag alongside, no man could be near without feeling what a privilege it was to be in such atmosphere.

The population this week is—Male 1418— Female 27. Total—1445. Last Number B8714.

Next Sat., June 2nd, 1st Section, 7 B. 7 G. 4. B. 4 G. 5 B. 5 G. 3 B.

— B 7542.