---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '2717'
image: umpire_1917_094.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- advice
- ' worry'
title: Worry Destroys Happiness
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WORRY DESTROYS HAPPINESS

A well-known author once remarked that “people as well as seeds, get too crowded; that one thing chokes out another in our lives, and too often it is the best that gets choked out.” The fact is that we are living so fast, we have so much to do, so many interests—some of which conflict—that we are in danger of being crowded out of our happiness. This is a serious danger, and one which threatens us all in our strenuous life, in these days of war’s alarms. It is no wonder that worries and distractions seem to grow apace in our hearts about as naturally as weeds do in the home garden. Worries are thought to be quite harmless by some people, but the Master protested strongly against them as being potent for much evil in our lives, by crowding out our noblest thoughts.

He repeatedly warned against all anxiety, plainly implying that it will not add to our success or possessions. Instead it does considerable harm and causes untold grief to those that love us. Above all we should never worry about things we can not help, for if they are beyond our control, worrying is both useless and foolish. However, if there is any way we can help, then let us start in at once and not endanger our powers of resistance by useless worry. Eliminate the first sign of worry that comes to the mind, for by doing so you will be able to destroy its baleful influence to injure your future peace of mind and happiness ere it gets beyond control. Once worry becomes established in our thoughts it will crowd out all the true, the beautiful things that ought to develop and make life worth the living.