---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '2719'
image: umpire_1917_094.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- war
- ' editorial'
title: Hardening the Heart
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HARDENING THE HEART

With a toll of hundreds dead, thousands injured and property to the value of millions destroyed, the Western and Sputhern tornadoes scarcely make an impression upon a world calloused by war and the atrocities that are excused by war, says a writer in the N. Y. World.

Three or four years ago, in happier days, such a calamity would have fixed the attention of all civilization. Every charitable impulse would have been awakened, public meetings would have been called, learned discussions on the mysteries of meteorology would have ensued, and possibly some kindly sovereigns in Europe would have sent to the President words of sympathy.

Men are doing things in a different way and on a different scale now. A submarine lawlessly fires a torpedo at a Lusitania and in an instant destroys more lives and property than all the thunderbolts of the prairies for miles around. In every great battle, with only human agencies employed, wider areas are devastated day after day, and more terribly devastated, than suffer only at rare intervals by the violence of nature. We are burning a Chicago or a Boston or a San Francisco, we are repeating the tragic horrors of Mont Pelee and Caracas and Lisbon, every week or two and scarcely noticing them.

It is not war alone that is hardening man-kind. It is the remorselessness of war, the savagery which attends it, the heartless cruelties, the barbaric oppression of the weak and the worse than barbaric apologies by which everything is justified. Even the anger of God, once terribly seen in the tempest, is dwarfed by the wrath of men wilfully and skilfully devoted to desolation.