---
author: Unknown
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '2724'
image: umpire_1917_095.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- baseball
- ' editorial'
- ' advice'
title: A Sacrifice Hit
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

A SACRIFICE HIT

A sacrifice hit is good baseball. ‘‘Given a man on first, say the batter lays down a slow, teasing bunt. It takes the third baseman all his time to get it, throw it to first in time to nip the batter,’’ says a well-known writer.

But when the play is over the runner on first is safe on second, where a good clean hit will score his run. The sacrifice hit is one of the biggest and headiest things in baseball, but it retires the batter at first. All he gets is a notation on the score sheet. The other man scored the run.

Baseball isn’t the only game where the score stunds on a sacrifice. When you see a woman wearing a two-year-old hat while her daughter goes fairly well dressed to school, remember that girl is being advanced by a sacrifice hit. When father stays home from a vacation trip which he needs badly in order that some new comfort shall be added to the home, or that the boy can graduate with his class, or for half a hundred other reasons, he lays down a bunt which advances the boy towards a chance to score. In one way or another the sacrifice is being worked all through the big game which is going on about us. Sometimes it is a son or a daughter, usually a father or a mother, or both, who will die at first on a sacrifice.

It is a good play. It wins games. But a bunt needs an alert runner ahead of it. A gacrifice with a bonehead isn’t worth much. The object is to advance the runner. If he is slow, or lazy, or careless, it means a double and play two men out, and the sacrifice was then useless.

Say, you boy, whose parents are sacrificing for you, get up on your toes and stay there. Get a lead! Go down with his arm! Slide, you terrier, slide! Why do suppose a strong batter is voluntarily throwing away a life at first, throwing away his personal chance, except to put you on second, whence a hit would bring you home. Suppose you did skin your leg? Get up on that base and watch for a chance to take third! Ginger up, blame you, ginger up! Get ‘‘pep’’ in your play and watch the pitcher. Justify the sacrifice.