---
author: B-7542
day: '6'
editor: B-7413
id: '2733'
image: umpire_1917_096.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' chess'
- ' charity'
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Summer shone forth on Saturday as though in compliment to the H. F. C. The sun had plenty of heat in it, and the members had an afternoon full of enjoyment.

The checker and domino ‘‘bugs" were lined along the 12th Block, ‘‘Potato Bill,” high up on the rocks, as though king of checkers, and “Doc’’ and "Jew Joe’’ down in the gully deep in dominoes.

Around on the other side, along the croquet lawn, the more genteel and classy game of chess was enjoyed by members who like to toy with kings, queens, knights and castles.

Harry was behind his table, which was well filled with articles of merit made by dif- ferent members, and drove a brisk trade, a percentage of which goes into the Club’s treasury.

On the lawn, at the 6th Block, was the full brass band, under Professor Wiegandt’s able leadership, the program interspersed with some vocal selections by Curly’s Quartette and other singers.

On the baseball diamond the shoe shop team fought a baseball battle with the 4th Block stars, and a good game was put up by both teams. President Rube umpired the game, and each side received a square deal. Since Rube turned the baseball management over to Jake he becomes a spectator, but he watches every ball with itching hands to catch it. The score of the first game was 9 to 6 in favor of the inside team, while on the second the shoe shop won by 6 to 5.

Mr. Kraupa and Jimmy Mulligan were on the grounds all the afternoon, and wherever they went it was ‘‘Hello, Mr. Kraupa!’’ and “There goes Jimmy!” Every one brightened at seeing them, just so good is it to see a friendly face. And Mr. Kraupa beamed on all. Come again, Mr. Kraupa and Jimmy Mulligan.

The members fell in line promptly at 1 o’clock for the regular march. The parade was all it ever was. As though awaiting the coming officers of registration the boys appeared to straighten up, getting ready for the march in France. The step was quick and firm, the brass band of fifty-four pieces, under Professor Wiegandt, rendered good musie, and while even though the weather was hot, every man was on his mettle.

Vice-President A 8432 was tempted to give them the three times around, but just as they passed the 4th Block Inspector Dr. Hart appeared. His satisfaction was so ap- parent by his hearty applause that Pete weakened and said, ‘‘Let well enough alone.”

The marching of the 7th Block was by far the best in line this week. No doubt it was, marching behind their beautiful flag, to show how sincere is their pride of possessing such a beautiful flag. The vice-president approached the 7th Block, with the suggestion that the flag come to the head of the parade.

Oh, what a howl went up. ‘‘No, no; it’s the 7th Block’s flag. Let it lead the 7th Block!” - And it did, God bless it! and we glory in the spunk of the gallant 7th.

During the week quite a sum was added to the Club’s treasury. ‘‘Curly’’ purchased twenty pictures of President Wilson on the American flag (19x26), and this he had fram- ed in a neat mission frame. With one of these frames each delegate canvassed his block for contributions. "Curly’’ canvassed his own (the 11th) block and secured $11.25, while the gallant 7th swelled up with $14.00, then some big, others little, but a goodly total was reached. The only cost to be taken is the actual cost of picture and frame. The rest goes in the treasury, while each block is decorated with a good picture of President Wilson, on the back of which, as a roll of honor, is the number of the men and the amount contributed. The cry from the 7th Gallery is wait until our flag comes.

During the week it was learned that our Rep. Delegate from the 2nd Block was sick. The hope for a speedy recovery was realized when her bright presence was observed on Saturday afternoon. The Auxiliary was well pleased to see her. The Club extends their sincere thanks to the lady members who presented them with the beautiful silken flag. It will be placed on the table at the delegates’ meetings.

B 5912 was given $1.00 assistance and referred to Mr. Dipple; 7439 was referred to the Prisoners’ Aid Society. B 6381 was loaned $5.00, he went out on Thursday and proposes to enlist. Good luck for his.

At the delegates’ meeting on Tuesday, May 29th, the first observance of the motion made by B 7579, “That Tuesday before Decoration Day and Tuesday before Thanksgiving Day, at the regular meeting of the Board of Delegates, proper notice be given, the Chaplain invited to attend, and thanks be given to God for the health and privileges enjoyed by the members of the H. F. C.”

Complying with this motion, Chaplain Welch was in attendance and gave the delegates a straight from the shoulder talk as to the attributes of real honor and friendship and actual manhood. Each phrase was well taken, and the delegates who heard the Chaplain were impressed with the true meaning of his words.

He touched on patriotism, and said, ‘‘As a veteran of ’61 (he was chaplain of the 9lst Pennsylvania Regiment), I know what soldiering is.” Then, with sparkling eye, his words rung clear and true, “The man who would neglect his country when his country calls him don’t deserve to have a country. He should be hung.”

His remarks were applauded, and President R. C. McKenty arose in reply, and qualified the Chaplain’s words in a manner that left no doubt as to Our President being ready for his country’s call.

The testament donated by Mrs. Clark of Oklahoma was open on the table. The custom started with the reading of a passage from this gift at each meeting.

Next week June 9th, 6 B—6 G—12 B—12 B 12-1-2—8—9—1—10—11.

Ask the Club’s librarian to explain the new magazine proposition, —B 7542.