---
author: Unknown
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '2741'
image: umpire_1917_098.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- flag
- ' patriotism'
title: Our Flag
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

OUR FLAG

In answer to a number of inquiries about our flag, we gather from official authority that the arrangement of the stars on our flag is regulated by law and executive order. The last order was issued in October, 1912, and provided that 48 stars be arranged in horizontal rows of eight stars each. Beginning at the upper left hand corner and reading each row from left to right as one would read a book, each state’s star is placed in the order in which it entered the Union. For instance, star No. 1 is for Delaware, which was the first state to be admitted, No. 2 is for Pennsylvania, No. 3 is for New Jersey, and so on down to No. 48, which is for Arizona.

The following is the order in which the states were admitted and from which each state’s star may be seen:
1 Delaware 2 Pennsylvania
3 New Jersey 4 Georgia
5 Connecticut 6 Massachusetts
7 Maryland 8 South Carolina
9 N. Hampshire 10 Virginia
11 New York 12 North Carolina
13 Rhode Island 14 Vermont
15 Kentucky 16 Tennessee
17 Ohio 18 Louisiana
19 Indiana 20 Mississippi
21 Illinois 22 Alabama
23 Maine 24 Missouri
25 Arkansas 26 Michigan
27 Florida 28 Texas
29 Iowa 30 Wisconsin
31 California 32 Minnesota
33 Oregon 34 Kansas
35 W. Virginia 36 Nevada
37 Nebraska 38 Colorado
39 North Dakota 40 South Dakota
41 Montana 42 Washington
43 Idaho 44 Wyoming
45 Utah 46 Oklahoma
47 New Mexico 48 Arizona

The dimensions on our flag are also fixed by provisions of law which must be strictly followed. Its length must be exactly one and nine-tenths its height, and there must be 13 horizontal stripes. The union or blue field, on which the stars are arranged, must be just seven strides high and its length must be 76-100 of the height of the flag. The stars are five-pointed and must be placed with one point standing upward. When a new state is admitted, its star is added on the Fourth of July next succeeding the date of its admission.

The flag is usually displayed on government buildings and on the houses of all patriotie organizations and the homes of private citizens throughout the country on the days specified below.

Lincoln’s birthday, February 12; Washington’s birthday, February 22; Inauguration day, March 4; Battle of Lexington, April 19; Battle of Manila Bay, May 1; Memorial day, May 30; Mother’s day, 2nd Sun. in May; Flag day, June 14; Battle of Bunker Hill, June 17; Independence day, July 4; Labor day, first Monday in September; Lake Erie day, September 11; Columbus day, October 2; Battle of Saratoga, October 17; Surrender of Yorktown, October 19.