---
author: The Uplift
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '2743'
image: umpire_1917_098.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- technology
- ' wonders'
title: Music From Light
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MUSIC FROM LIGHT

According to tradition it is claimed that on the plains of Egypt, 3000 years ago,the giant statue of the Memni emitted weirdly beautiful notes when struck by the first rays of the rising sun. Today, after 3000 years, it is interesting to know that we have at last reached the point of transmuting light rays directly into sound rays.

In Dr. Lee de Forest’s laboratory there are a numberof small spherical incandescent bulbs, from which can be obtained a succession of musicaj notes, clear and sweet, of surprising volume, the pitch and timbre of which can be varied almost at will to imitate any musical tone of an orchestra.

During the work on the experiments in devolving the audion as a wireless telephone detector and incidentally as an amplifier to be used on the long-distance liies, the discovery was made that when the circuits of the audion were connected in a certain way, a clear musical note was heard in a telephone receiver, which was connected in one of these circuits. The pitch of the notes is very easily regulated by changing the capacity or the inductance in the circuits.

A scale has been arranged similar in function to that of an organ, with switches in the place of keys, so that by pressing certain keys the operater can cut out, or in, more or less inductance or resistance, thus changing the note omitted from the telephone receiver at will.

— The Uplift.