---
author: Fitch, George
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '2744'
image: umpire_1917_099.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- money
- ' editorial'
title: Profits
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

PROFITS

Profits are what the storekeeper has after he has paid his bills, and you have settled his account.

If it wasn’t for profits, the storekeeper could not live. This would cause the factories to close down, banks would fail, and jobs would become as scarce as nobie, high-minded burglars. Thus, it seems that it is profits after all that make the world go ’round.

But the trouble is that some people seem determined to make the world exceed the speed limit.

There are three kinds of profits: fair profits, big profits and trust profits.” There are also net profits and gross profits. The English call gross profits ‘‘takings.’’ For a nation, which doesn’t know a monopoly when it sees it, thisis a remarkably clever definition.

Profits vary greatly in various lines of business. You can buy a pound of silver for $8, but if a solemn man with long hair takes the silver, and hammers it for two days, he can make it into a tea tray full of sublime dents, and sell it for $175. That is what comes of mixing profits with brains.

On the other hand, the hardware man will sell you a small iron bolt for 5 cents, and will mak 2 4 cents profit on it. But the automobile repair man will charge you 75 cents for the same bolt, and $3.25 for putting it in place, and a quarter for the wear and tear on his wrench and overalls.

That is what comes of mixing profits with gall.

Occasionally a man gets all of something that there is. In that case, what he makes isn’t profits, it is swag.

Some men are better at making profits than others. The farmers are getting rich selling hogs at 9 cents a pound, while the packers claim they are getting poor selling pork at 25 cents a pound. Some presidents get $50,000 a year for their services, and die poor, while some aldermen get $1 a meeting and amass vast fortunes.

Large profits are pleasant, but dangerous. They cause financial congestion, which has to be relieved by long applications of society, automobiles, gay sons, private yachts and ticker tapes. On the other hand, small profits are usually only light lunches for some other fellow’s big profits.

Take it all around, profits are a worry which only ceases after we have died and the undertaker has made a 265 per cent profit by mixing it with grief.

The great trouble with this country is the fact that there are too many profits without honor in it.

—George Flitch.