---
author: B-7542
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '2747'
image: umpire_1917_099.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- flag
- ' patriotism'
title: Our Flag
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

OUR FLAG

The 7th Gallery came into its own on Saturday, or rather it was Friday that there was unfurled to the breeze the most beautiful American flag that could possibly be bought or made. Made of the best silk, each stripe sewed together by hand and each star in the blue, hand embroidered on both sides, a beautiful varnished sectional pole, with a golden eagle perched on the top and two golden ropes with tassels and their ends, a canvas cover and a shoulder strap and socket to carry it on parade. What a beautiful picture it makes, and complete in every detail! No wonder the residents of the 7th Gallery said, "Wait till you see our flag.”

The overseers, Messrs. Talbot and Bailey, went into the spirit of the occasion, each contributing $1.00 toward the fund and using their enthusiasm with ‘‘Let’s get a good one!” and they did.

Too much credit cannot be given Mr. Frank C. Kenyon, 1838 Columbia Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa., manufacturer of flags, for the part he played in the occasion. Delegate B 5793 wrote him a letter, and a representative of the firm called to see the delegate. “What kind of a flag do you boys want?’’ he queried. “We have so much money, and we want the best we can get,’’ was the reply. ‘‘You shall have the very best there is, regardless of cost. Such patriotismm shall be encouraged,” was Mr. Kenyon’s reply; and they got it.

Long may ‘‘Old Glory’’ wave, and no man will pass by the 7th Gallery with covered head while the beautiful emblem floats across. The patriotism of each man was shown when the subscription was taken up. Some gave a dollar and some gave a dime, but the man who contributed a dime is of the same importance in the whole as he who gave a dollar. The thanks of every good American is for Mr. Frank C. Kenyon. — B. 7542.