---
author: B-7542
day: '13'
editor: B-7413
id: '2750'
image: umpire_1917_100.jpg
issue: '23'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' patriotism'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

There is some one who has said, ‘‘You never know how warm it is until somebody tells you;’’ and it applied on Saturday when the Second Section of the H. F. C. took their usual Saturday outing.

First came Professor Wiegandt with "How many times around today, Pete? You know it’s pretty warm.’’ Pete just smiled and replied, “We’ll see.”

Warm as it was, each man was ready and waiting when one o’clock came and Jake and Jimmie, representative delegates, called from the Center down each block, "Let ’em come!” Orderly and smiling, each man fell in line, and as the blocks crossed the Center, past the ever present American flag that waves in the breeze, Captain Souder remarked, ‘‘There’s many a good man there willing enough to join the army.”

There was a burst of color waiting, for massed in front were three new flags—American, French and English. These, with the red, white and green of Italy and the flags already owned by the Club, gave a burst of color that stirred all who saw it.

Too much can not be said of the new silk flag of the 7th Gallery. Charlie, who carried it, showed his pride of office in both bearing and step. It required no imagination to picture the result if any one should dare to lay a hand on the flag except with reverence and love. The Club thanks the 7th Gallery for its patriotism, and the country can but respect the men who, when it comes to a show of patriotism, say: ‘‘Give us the best there is, and here’s my all.”

Vice-President A 8432 was perspiring from every pore, and stuck to it for twice around the wall, and when it was finished he said, “I could do it again.”

The Warden, with President R. C. McKenty, reviewed the men and pronounced their appearance fine.

The parade, which was reviewed again by the Board of Governors, who had some difficulty in selecting the best marchers, the It- alian squad and the 11th Block marched so well, but then the 1st Block Zouaves came along, and it was all over. They are a fine marching body of men, and their bearing and step was perfect. The 1st Block is the prize winner this week. The ball game was played between two teams picked from the 1st Block, the second between the 1st and 10th blocks. Every one enjoyed themselves and the scores didn’t matter.

On the band stand, decorated with the large flags that had been carried in the parade, under Professor Wiegandt’s able leadership, the band played string military marches, all of which were military and inspiring.

Directly at the entrance was the large new French flag, beautiful in its coloring, and so like our own dear flag that it proves how close are the affections of the two peoples, when their choice of an emblem is so like. Many sons of the land of Napoleon felt the tightening of the throat when they saw the beautiful flag of their country side by side with "Old Glory.” On the other side of the entrance was Italy’s red, white and green, DiMasse standing rigid, as though on guard. Then came the English flag, its pround blending of color denoting the power for which the lion and crown stands. Verily, the sight was inspiring.

During intervals several members with good voices sang songs. B 8086 gave a song of his own composing, "By the Dear Old River Shore.” He has had this song copyrighted and is waiting for the first copies.

Charlie Winston sang ‘‘Curly’s’’ ‘‘Prisen Blues’’ as only Winston can sing it, and from the applause and the manner in which the air was whistled by the listeners, its popularity is assured. The “Curly” Minstrel Quartette sang ‘‘Moonlight Makes Me Long for You’’ in a creditable manner, and several other good selections were sung.

The line-up along the 12th Block was filled with the checker ‘‘bugs,” and ‘‘Potato Bill” was getting the defeat of his life when the bugle sounded; and although the fellows would have remained out in the sunshine as long as the sunshine lasted, no protest was heard, but like good soldiers, ‘‘’Twas not for to reason why,’’ so they merely fell in, and content, if not satisfied, marched home(?).

Harry was on the job at his sales-stand and did fairly well. There was a moment during the the week when it was thought Harry would not sell any more goods.

Our friend Mr. Kraupa was with us, smiling and kind as ever. We are happy just to see you, Mr. Kraupa.

Chief Engineer Cook had three interested visitors who were surprised to note the absence of any disorder among such a large body of men.

Dan Carmichael on Saturday afternoon, with a flowing bunch of spirage bristling from his chin, the two-colored clown suit and the cap, and the baby that walks on its hands carefully carried, brought up the rear end of the parade, a whole show in himself. Dan and himself are nuff’’ laugh raiser.

B 8099 received the copyright on his “Honor and Friendship March’’ this week. Next it will go to press, and then—well, automomobiles with riches are for successful authors and composers.

Attention is called to the rule that states that, ‘‘any member who from fancied or other grievance, may resign from the Club, he will not be reinstated until after a period of from three months to one year shall have elapsed.” This applies also to suspension for cause, and will be lived up to.

The corridors have apatriotic appearance— “Old Glory’’ on the 7th Gallery, the Ameri- can, English and Italian in the 7th Block, the American on the 1st and the French flag suspended across the 11th, while from each block and gallery hangs President Wilson’s picture on a background of the American flag.

The Daily Bulletins are placed in the bul- letin boxes, and we acknowledge and thank Mr. Joyce, of the Public Ledger, for making it possible for the Editor of the Bulletins, B 8361, to secure the news each day.

Next week, June 16, 1st Section, 7 G, 4 G, 4 B, 5 B, 5 G, 7 B and 3 B. —B 7542.