---
author: Unknown
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '2753'
image: umpire_1917_101.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- baseball
- ' gossip'
title: In the Baseball World
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

IN THE BASEBALL WORLD

We are glad to know that Pittsburg is once more represented in the National League by Hans Wagner.

Wagner is again with the Pirates, but the Carsairs, seemingly, are not with Wagner.

It is said that the White Sox average less runs in the course of a season than any of their rivals, but, then, so does Willie Hoppe.

A fine of $500 and a suspension for sixteen days seems like placing a premium on umpire-strafing.

Some one said that the punishment inflicted on “Muggsy’’ McGraw for parking a punch on Umpire Byron’s lip was just about as severe as imposing another flea on a migrating mongrel.

It is said that the Baltimore Federals, in suing the major league magnates for the $900,000, must have cherished delusions that the defendants represented unorganized baseball. It is a tribute to the national game that the suit of the Baltfeds against Organized Baseball lasted almost a week and the arbiter was not assaulted. But, then, the Giants were in the West.

In a severe arraignment of Prexy Tener, McGraw says that he has tried to make something more than a joke out of the National League. We’ll credit you with an assist for trying, anyway, John. 

“Willie” Keeler, probably the most scientific willow-wielder in the history of the game, says that the modern batsman does not get away from the plate quickly enough. Willie evidently never saw Carl Mays serving his more or less calorific ‘‘bean’’ ball.

Pitcher Ralph Comstock, recently secured from the Louisville American Association Club, pitched a no-hit, no-run game for Birmingham Saturday against Nashville, of the Southern Association. He also hit a home run. Comstock was wild at times, but was never in danger.