---
author: Unknown
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '2756'
image: umpire_1917_102.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- New Way
- ' despair'
- ' advice'
title: There is Always a Chance
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THERE IS ALWAYS A CHANCE

Well it is said that ‘‘while there is life there is hope.” But a great part of the world is hopeless and is yet alive. “Why is that?’’ asks a writer in New Way.

Simply because men think they can not have another chance. And by the power of that new thought they shut themselves out from it. For both hope and despair are powers, acting both on circumstances without and on the man himself, at work either for him or against him. Another chance is what every fallen man cries for. And it is within his reach all the time if he will but use his strength upon himself instead of asking some one else to give him another chance or cursing others tor not doing so. It will never come until he is risen to meet it. But it will come when he has.

What holds a man down is usually the memory of his mistakes and the belief that he must carry the corpse of his dead past upon his back and the ghosts of all his fail- ures in his mind until death sets him free.

Why not start each day as if it were a rebirth? Why wait on death for the clean slate?

We have the power to wipe out the memory of the past, to bury the corpse of our former life, to clear out of our minds the ghosts of our failures and weaknesses, and to rise reborn in strength and hope. Mental corpses and ghosts are not fit companions for a man who wants to make a new start in life.

The new start must be inside a man’s own mind. That made, the rest will finally take care of itself. A man always attracts the conditions without that fit his inner attitude. He does not realize his own power in this matter.

We must put the past behind us—where it belongs—and keep it there, if we would give ourselves another chance.

Clean out your ghosts! Wipe out the past! Give yourself a fresh start! You have another chance within you all the time. No one else can give it to you. You must take it or make it for yourself and in yourself.

A man can be born again in this sense if he has the WILL. But he will never do it if he is relying on other people to do it for him.

If he is not strong enough to do it all at once, let him free himself gradually from the corpse of the past; let him get rid of his ghosts one by one, keeping on trying until at last by the great WILL of the Soul he suddenly creates himself a new man. And then all the rest will follow.