---
author: Ford Times
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '2763'
image: umpire_1917_103.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- advice
title: Inspiration
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

INSPIRATION

The fountains of Courage are within the soul. Activities of brain and body are the outlets by which Courage rushes forth to victory. Large Success is possible to little things. The mountains are made of grains of sand.

Every life is Individual. We come into life Individually—achieve success, or failure, Individually—and go out of life Individually.

Success is born of Individual effort inevery line open to all human activity. Itis YOU who will write your name in the lists of the conquerors, if that name is to be so honored.

It all depends upon Self. Every man or woman who has scaled the heights of glory has gone up a-step-at-a-time, and the first steps were short ones. The higher you climb the smoother becomes the way.

Accepting Obstacles as Opportunity develops the hungry capacity of Genius; it takes the cutting to let loose the radiance of the Diamond; perplexing problems builded the road of ‘‘cause and effect,” sleepless nights mastered the forces of Electricity to drive them over a thousand paths of usefulness.

All human achievement has come—and must come—from Individual effort, and the limit of human possibilities is yet at hand.

Larger, broader, higher, limitless in golden invitations lie the fields of Opportunity, which may only be made fruitful by Individual effort.

What an inspiration!

Your Success lies within your own Whatever men dare they may do.

Instantly they get busy. Wait not for the "big things,” but make the ‘‘big things” out of the little things. Think and Work, and Work and Think. Be cheerful and courage- ous. Have confidence in yourself — that’s the inspiration that brings out the best there is in us. 

—Ford Times.