---
author: Fitch, George
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '2766'
image: umpire_1917_103.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- bragging
- ' editorial'
title: Do You Brag?
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

DO YOU BRAG?

Bragging is the art of putting your best foot into the other fellow’s ear at every opportunity. The world is full of braggers. They are our most ambitious pecple. A bragger never loafs on his job. While other men are resting at night, he will leave home and tramp two miles to find some other man who will stand quietly while the bragger tells him, with one finger hooked onto his coat button, how a great many had said to him that it was an awful thing to elect Wilson President, while really great men like yours truly, with the prehensile finger, are allowed to languish unpestered by fame.

The bragger can be readily distinguished by his long, crooked forefinger. It is his weapon. He hunts the unwary citizen and hooks onto him as Paul Jones hooked onto the British ships. When this is done, he begins to brag, and the only ways of escape are to cut off the finger or give up the coat.

Braggers brag about everying in the world, just as kickers are never at a loss for a subject. If a bragger is rich he brags about it. If he isn’t he brags about how soon he is going to be, or how he once was, or because he doesn’t join in the silly race for the dollar. Some braggers insist on hanging their own laurel wreaths on themselves, while others are more refined about it and merely repeat to you what some friend has said about them. Some men are so expert that they can brag haif a day about their modesty, and get away with it in safety.

Braggers have done wonderful deeds ever since Baron Munchausen, the dean of the profession, raised it to an art. Nations have been saved offhand in grocery stores, and bygone wars have been made ten times more horrible by the deeds of gallant braggers who have thoughtfully preserved themselves in times of strife behind a gum tree in order to annihilate the foe later on in a more healthy atmosphere.

The bragger is a happy man because he can always find some one to believe him. He lives in an atmosphere of glory and admiration, and as he supplies most of it himself, he never runs short. We need never worry about trying to praise a bragger, because whatever we say is a pale nothing to what he thinks.

Braggers make themselves very useful to quiet, busy men by talking instead of competing with them, and if they can be trained to go away from an office whenever a heavy paper-weight is thrown at them, they need never be a nuisance, provided you see them first.

—George Fitch.