---
author: The Uplift
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '2767'
image: umpire_1917_103.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- editorial
- ' The Uplift'
title: Just Sunlight
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

JUST SUNLIGHT

“Never mind the weather while the wind doesn’t blow,” we used to hear. But it would be more to the point to say, ‘‘while the sun shines.” We don’t have cure-alls any more; we’ve grown too wise, but plain sunshine comes as near to a cure-all as anything.

We have learned that sunlight is good for the affairs of large corporations, if not always for the directors. We know that it is good for eyesight, though we are just beginning to learn how often eye strain causes fatigue and nervousness. We also value it for its habit of pointing out dusty places that would otherwise escape notice, and cobwebs. But we don’t realize all that the sun does for us when it strikes the dust that no housewife can keep away.

Sunlight, just plain sunlight, is one of the best germicides that there is. It destroys the danger imminent in all dust. The wicked little microbe suffers from it even more than the wicked big trust. That is the real reason why it is more healthful to live in a sunlit house, even when you’re never home while the sunlight is turncd on. You're in less danger of colds and any kind of infection that may be around. Your system doesn’t have to fight against such odds.

Sunlight, when we can get it all, is usually a question of our town preference. It’s better to let the sun in than to hang your windows with the most expensive kind of a curtain or draw the shade lest your brilliant new carpet should fade.

—The Uplift.