---
author: B-7542
day: '20'
editor: B-7413
id: '2768'
image: umpire_1917_104.jpg
issue: '24'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' '
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

There was much to be said of the afternoon on Saturday when the Club made their week- ly appearance to enjoy their week-end holiday.

The benefit of the fresh air treatment of Warden Robert J. McKenty is shown in the general health and the human interest ex- hibited by the men in his charge.

Each face was bright with expectancy as the members from the different blocks and galleries emerged from the prison into the sunshine. There were men from almost every country in the world, speaking many different languages, having different temperaments and different stories, yet en masse they formed one complete whole, each bent on getting as much enjoyment as possible from an afternoon in the open, while none forgot the privilege extended by the Warden nor that they were on their honor.

With just enough spice in the air to make marching enjoyable and several new American flags in the line to brighten and give color, with the brass band under Professor Wiegandt’s able leadership playing a quick-step to march to, it was no wonder that the men threw their shoulders back and got right down to soldier stuff.

Twice around the yard they marched, Vice-President A 8432 in the lead as marshal of the day.

Warden McKenty, President R. C. McKenty and a number of invited guests reviewed the men both times they passed.

It was decided that the 7th Block won the prize for the best marching this week, and they earned it, for their marching was very good.

When the ranks broke file and each man was privileged to roam where he listed, they formed in parties and couples. The baseball game was formed between the 4th and 5th blocks then. Tom (B 7773) from the 8rd found a team and played the Shoe Shop. The score did not matter; they enjoved themselves.

Around the 12th Block the aeccustomed checker game opened up. The domino fiends seated themselves to their enjoyment, while the chess players produced their chess, and the day was on.

Little Harry vended his wares and made numerous sales, while other members who had made various articles sold them to purchasers. On the music platform Professor Wiegandt had the H. F. C. orchestra rendering fine music. During the progam Jack Evans rendered a cornet solo in a manner that brought applause.

When the parade had passed, a fellow was noticed straggling along,a guitar strung over his shoulder, and a flowing beard and moustache, a nose that looked as though it had been many nights before the bar, before its owner came behind the bars. When some one called to him he opened his mouth, and when the hearty laugh rung out every one recognized Dan Carmichael—Honest Dan the clown. All right, Dan, we’ll miss you when you’re gone.

Our old friend Mr. Kraupa, with Jimmy Mulligan, was with us again. In bright new suits, spick and span, they roamed around the yard, a word to a fellow here and there, and every one to whom they spoke felt the better for seeing them.

Mr. Frank Dipple, his wife, and a friend, were among the fellows, encouraging them. Many chaps came and shook hands with Mr. Dipple, who had been a guest at Mr. Dipple’s house. Each one had a friendly word to say. The bugle corps and the 5th Block surprised the boys with a new flag today, beautiful flags of the regulation size, made in America from American grown cotton; American every inch of them, carried by Americans in America — and all hats off.

The 7th Gallery’s beautiful silk flag was in the lead, flanked on either side by a smaller edition of ‘‘Old Glory’’ and the Club’s flag. Then too the English, French and Italian flags were grouped in a blaze of color. Di Massi had the Italian contingent well in hand, and they marched well.

When it became known on the 5th Block that the 1st, 7th, 7th Gal. and the bugle corps had purchased new flags and the Club had the English and French and Di Massi the Italian flags, our old friend ‘‘Yorkie’’ (B 4165), on the b5th, felt the patriotic spirit moving. Without consulting any one but his convenience, he sent for a flag, which he paid for himself, and presented it to the 5th Block. All hats off to “Yorkie’’ for his good American patriotism. Jump in, 5th, and secure the marching prize.

Too much can not be said of the saxophone solo as performed by Charlie. He ecertainly can draw some harmony from his instrument.

During the week many of our friends have gone forth to try again. Howard, who was a member of the Board of Governors, left with the good wishes of the members, and several other chaps who we hope will never again be insidemembersof the H. F. C. Letters acknowledging their having been made honorary members were received from Mrs. A. D. Patterson, Miss Helen E. Mayer, King’s Daughters, and Mr. R. W. Heckman, Jr., Y. M. C. A. Each of these letters were couched in very encouraging words, and thanks are given for their kind interest. A letter from William O. Easton, Executive Secretary of the Y. M. C. A., notifies the Club that he is placing us on the Association’s mailing list, because of the interest we have in the Association’s work among soldiers and sailors. These compliments serve to prove that the efforts of the officers and the example of the members are of some avail, and they stimulate all to further effort. Let every one realize that while prone to mistakes he must never become discouraged, but keep up trying. Some one will take notice and help when the right time comes.

No news from the One-Third Bill, but no news is better than bad news. Let’s think it will come for sure, and while we are thinking that, we could’nt be thinking better things.

The Club has another load of paper when the paper man comes around. This means a few more dollars in the treasury. The bulletin boards continue to serve the news and baseball scores, also “Curly,” who is the editor of the Bulletin notes, receives Kames score card each night with the baseball scores hot off the bat. We don’t have to lay awake now wondering if Alexander has a glass arm, or Charley Howe, or if Muggsy McGraw has undertaken to ‘‘lick’’ all the umpires in the League. Just phone to ‘‘Curly,’’ No. 4—11B, or if the phone is out of order just ask a watchman to ask ‘‘Curly’’ what’s the score today.

We must hand it to Our Warden for these privileges and it’s up to the members to prove that his confidence and his methods are right.

Next week, June 23rd, 6 G. 12 B. 1 2 G. 8 B. 0 B. 1 B. 10 B. 11 B. 6 B.

—B 7542.