---
author: The Uplift
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '2780'
image: umpire_1917_106.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- The Uplift
- ' liberty'
- ' editorial'
title: Liberty
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

LIBERTY

True liberty consists in privilege of enjoying our rights, not in the destructlon of the rights of others.

Liberty will not descend to a people; a people must raise themselves to liberty; it is a blessing that must be earned before it can be enjoyed.

Free will is not the liberty to do whatever one likes, but the power of doing whatever one sees ought to be done, even in the very face of otherwise overwhelming impulse. There lies freedom indeed. 

False notions of liberty are strangely common. People talk of it as if it meant the liberty of doing whatever one likes—whereas the only liberty that a man, worthy of the name of man, ought to ask for, is, to have all restrictions, inward and outward, removed that prevent his doing what he ought.

The liberty of a people consists in being governed by laws which they have made themselves, under whatsoever form it be of government; the liberty of a private man, in being master of his own time and actions, as far as may be consistent with the laws of God and of his country.

If the true spark of religious and civil liberty be kindled, it will burn. Human agency can not extinguish it. Like the earth’s central fire, it may be smothered for a time; the ocean may overwhelm it; mountains may press it down; but it is inherent and unconquerable force will heave both the ocean and the land, and at some time or another, in some place or another, the volcano will break out and flame to heaven. 

—The Uplift.