---
author: The Uplift
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '2786'
image: umpire_1917_107.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- advice
- ' The Uplift'
title: Thoughts Worth Remembering
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THOUGHTS WORTH REMEMBERING

Do not flatter yourself that friendship authorizes you to say disagreeable things to your intimates. On the contrary, the nearer you come into relation with a person, the more necessary do tact and courtesy become.

Banish all your malignant and revengeful thoughts. A spirit of revenge is the very spirit of the Devil, than which nothing makes a man more like him, and nothing can be more opposite to the temper which Christianity was designed to promote.

Rejoice not in iniquity, but in the truth. Do not put a stumbling-block in the way of another. If a man be overtaken in a fault ye which are spiritual restore such a one in the spirit of meekness, considering thyself, lest thou also be tempted.

If you want knowledge you must toil for it; if food, you must toil for it; and if pleasure you must toil for it. Toil is the law. Pleasure comes through toil, and not by self- indulgence and indolence. When one gets to love work, his life is a happy one.

Do not rejoice in the failure or mistakes or downfali of another. To gloat over over the trouble of another is not the Christ-like spirit. Let us rejoice with them that do rejoice and weep with them that weep. Sympathy helps wonderfully. You may need it yourself some day.

You want to be true, and you are trying to be. Learn these two things: never be discouraged because good things get on slowly here and never to fail daily to do that good which lies next to your hand. Do not be in a hurry, but be diligent. Trust in God and do the right.

Do not make light of the Bible. It is the Word of God to man. Treasure it in your heart. What you do not understand now, you will later on if thoughtful and patient. It has nourished the greatest souls on earth.

You have not fulfilled every duty, unless you have fulfilled the duty of being pleasant. Be cheerful. By enduring hardship cheerfully or by accepting discomfort without a murmur, we may be of more real service to our fellow-men than by performing acts of ministry to a begrudging or unloving God.

— The Uplift.