---
author: Unknown
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '2791'
image: umpire_1917_107.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- editorial
title: Breaking a Boy
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

BREAKING A BOY

I am often asked by letter and otherwise, how to get the best results in training the mind, and to maintain nearly perfect discipline,” said a prominent educator recently, in conversation with the correspondent of the N. Y. Sun. While there is no set rule which will apply to all cases, I will mention one from along list: I never set out to break the will of a boy, as I sometimes hear teachers brag they do, but endeavor to strengthen his will. Breaking the will spoils a boy’s capability, produces lassitude and turns what might have been a success into a miserable failure. A child with a broken will is sure to be gullen and stubborn, ill-mannered, and misérably unhappy, and either ends in the insane asylum or some kind of prison. May heaven have mercy on the parent or teacher who know- ingly sets out to break the will of any boy or girl.

It would be far better if persons placed over boys or girls should try to teadh self- mastery. But one should remember that self-mastery can be taught only by a person having self-mastery. Instead of conquering a child you had better, in a very deft way— lest you fail—teach him to conquer himself, harness and bridle his will so that he can sit upon the soft cushions and drive anywhere, for will power is like steam. The engine contains the steam, the body contains the will, the brain ought to be the engineer. See the point! The instructor may bear the same relation to the boy as the inventor does to the engine and the engineer.