---
author: B-7542
day: '27'
editor: B-7413
id: '2793'
image: umpire_1917_108.jpg
issue: '25'
layout: item
month: '6'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' music'
- ' baseball'
- ' charity'
- ' agriculture'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Summer is here. William Henry Shakespeare didn’t say this, but every member of the H. F. C. who was in the yard on Saturday afternoon said it, and the many times the water barrel went to the ice plant proved that the sun just baked one up. 

With Pete (A 8432) as grand marshal of the parade and the flags and banners waving in the slight breeze, the brass band led by Professor Wiegandt and Old Sol shedding regular old tropical rays, it was a gala bunch that volunteered to make the march.

Pete quit on the once-around, and Warden McKenty from the reviewing stand inquiring “Isn’t it a little too hot for the boys?’’ gave the cue to break ranks at the garage.

When the prospective baseball players gathered around Jake to know when they went to play, it was noticed that Rube was not around. “Where’s Rube?’’ was the query from more than one, with no answer coming. Finally, after the baseball had been started and the croquet was well on, the “little father of the H. F. C.” (Rube) came strolling on the ground.

The game of ball was between the 1st Block and the Shoe Shop, and “‘Scottie’’ says the 1st won.

It must be true, for they sure did view the marching prize, and right here let it be known that it will take some marching to surpass that of the 1st on Saturday.

The concert on the band stand was something fine. Professor Wiegandt was on his mettle, and hot as it was, he had his artists well in hand.

There was some good singing by the H. F. C. Quartette and a new star from the 1st Block had a guitar specialty that proved to be a surprise.

Everything passed pleasantly, and owing to the weather being so warm, every one appeared to be ready to retire to the coolness of their rooms when at 3:45 the bugle sounded, and to the tune of ‘‘The day I left behind me’’ the H. F. C. marked another holiday off the calendar.

During the week there has been muchof invitation was given Mr. Dugan to visit us, interest to tha members of the Club. B 7601, who left us some time since, sent on a letter containing $2.00 for the Club’s treasury. He is down in the Panama Canal Zone doing well, and just thought of the boys ‘‘on the Hill” and asked to be remembered. This makes a fellow feel good to know one of the absent ones thinks of us. Let each one who leaves realize how he feels to know that a fellow off in Panama cares enough for the Clab to write.

This should make a fellow sit up and take notice, also:

On Thursday, June 21, the Board of Gov- ernors of the H. F. C. met, and on motion of B 8361, seconded by B 7542, it was voted to subscribe $50.00 to the Red Cross War Aid Fund. The Board of Delegates affirming this act, a check was drawn and President Me- Kenty requested to forward the sum to the Red Cross War Aid Fund. ‘‘Cast thy bread upon the water.” As though in proof of this the wagon came in for paper on Friday morning and the Club sold 10,823 lbs. of rags and paper, receiving $110.00 for the same.

The magazine department is flourishing and other measures are doing their best to make the Club life smiling.

Little Harry drew the capital prize in the parole drawing and left us on Thursday to make a try. His cheery voice as the fakir will be missed on Saturdays, but we wish him good luck.

Several fellows were before the Special Parole Board on Friday and will leave at an early date. Good luck, fellows.

The lawns that were last year filled with flowers and grass, this year are filled with food. Potatoes, lettuce, fbmatoes, beets, and everything growable, are growing and thriving, too.

Every inch of space is devoted to some agricultural pursuit. Even on the roofs of the shops the fellows have made boxes, filled them with earth, and have patiently carried the earth and water up ladders and tended their plants and are now being rewarded with fine green produce. And from a nature point it is as beautiful to note a useful plant develop as to watch a beautiful flower develop and die. The satisfaction of eating the one is a valuable after considera- tion.

Especial praise is to be given the “T. B.” yard garden. Their crop is thriving splendidly and the little vegetable spreads pulled off over there shows its effecton the general appearance of the sick men.

The rule of ‘“All for one and one for all’’ prevails. The conserving the food problem doesn’t bother the 3rd Block.

On a recent visit to this institution Mr. Obediah Dugan, a worker among the prisons throughout the country, was much impressed with the workings of the Honor and Friendship Club. A member of the Board of Governors of the Club explained in detail the privileges granted and the aims of the Club. An invitation was given Mr. Dugan to visit us, and during the week a letter was received promising to visit us at an early date.

The croquet grounds were given a try-out on Saturday and it was a pleasure to see the way several elderly chaps took to it: One old chap, when asked if he could play croquet, replied, ‘‘No, but I like to play a little dominoes once in a while, and I suppose it’s like the other.” He’s playing croquet and finds a slight difference between the two.

There are a few fellows rolling bandages for the Red Cross and the care they exercise in performing their different parts indicates the thought, “This bandage may save a good American life.”

Miss Mary L. Sher, of Merchantville, N. J., donated a pretty French flag to the bugle corps.

Next week 2nd Section—4th G, 4 B, 5 B, 5 G, 7 B, 7 B, 3 G. 

—B 7542