---
author: B-7542
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '2796'
image: umpire_1917_109.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' lecture'
- ' mother'
- ' King''s Daughters'
title: Eugene B. Simonin
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

EUGENE B. SIMONIN

The men who gathered together in the chapel on Monday and heard Mr. Fugene B. Simonin give his experiences on the French battle-front were given a rare treat.

Mr. Simonin has been there, and he gave a first-hand description of trench warfare.

After Chaplain Welch had spoken a few words, introducing the speaker, he began by deseribing how by dodging submarines, he landed safely in Boulogne, France, where the first sight to greet his eyes was long lines of men frightfull mangled: some minus one leg, many without either leg or arms.

Given little time to obsarve these horrors, he was hurried to the front, and as a member of the ambulance corps, went into action immediately. He carried his listeners through scenes of his own observation, illustrating his remarks with many mementoes gathered at different times.

He showed a shell that had exploded but a few feet from his ambulance, that wasloaded with wounded soldiers. He had picked up the shell while yet hot. He then exhibited a cartridge gathered in another engagement and a hand grenade which he had suceeded in extinguishing before it had exploded, and kept as a trophy. He had a steel cap he wore at all times, such as is worn by all soldiers in action. A dent here and there in the cap indicated its wearer might tella story of exciting interest had he been inclined, but with the hero’s modesty, making no reference to this. He explained in detail the uses of each exhibit and also the gas mask worn by soldiers to protect them against noxious gases used by the Germans to overcome their enemies.

He described a body of men imported by the French from Africa, the Sengalese. These men are semi-savage and very fierce. Knowing no fear nor caution, they are distributed among the troops as an example of bravery. He related that one Sangalese had been sent to the rear with fifteen soldiers, and quickly returning was asked where his prisoners were. His reply was to take the officers some little distance away where side by side lay fifteen headless bodies, beheaded by the one.

At the finish of his remarks he kindly consented to answer any questions, and Chaplain Welch was the first to inquire:

‘How many of those Senga- lese have they?’’ ‘‘About two thousand’’ replied the speaker. ‘“They’d ought to have the whole Sengalese army. They are all right. They’d end the war quickly if they had more of them fellows,’’ said the Chaplain, and gave way to a volley of questions from others.

Each question Mr. Simonin answered, stating the reports of atrocities were in no way exaggerated, and if anything they are far short of the real condition. England and France have plenty of food and expect to win the war. The ambulance service will receive men, and it is not difficult to qualify.

When he had finished, the Secretary of the Honor and Friendship Club presented Mr. Simonin with a Club button, requesting that he wear it when he returned to France. He graciously promised to wear the button and consented to become an honorary member of the H. F. C.

It was through the kindly interest of Mrs. Simonin, a member of the King’s Daugh- ters, that her son spoke, and after he had finished, Mrs. Simonin said that when her son returns she will bring him again. The mother love shone bright when she emphasized the when, and a silent prayer went up to God that the mother’s confidence will be justified.

Mr. Eugene B. Simonin was made an honorary member of the H. F. C. on Thursday, June 26, by a rising unanimous vote. 

—B 7542.