---
author: Unknown
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '2801'
image: umpire_1917_110.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
- ' war'
title: Working  Together
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WORKING TOGETHER

Men differ from most other animals in that co-operating with one another is the basic condition on which they live. The strongest and most skilful carpenter could hardly in a lifetime build a common log cabin without drawing on the labor of other men. To fashion with his own unaided hands a tool that would fell and trim a tree would take a long time.

Robinson Crusoe took with him to his island the embodied labor of hundreds of other hands. Set any man down solitary and naked on a section of the most fertile land in the Northern Mississippi Valley, and he would perish of cold and hunger in a short time, says a writer in the N. Y. Post.

The natural resources of the United States barely sustained a few thousand Indians, who were always at the edge of famine; and even they worked together to some extent, or they could not have lived at all.

Nations live by the labor of other nations, as individuals by that of other individuals. Our religion came from Asia Minor, our political system mostly from England. Britons invented the steam engine and the railroad locomotive, by which we thrive. Bell could not have invented the telephone nor Wright the flying machine if many foreign minds had not worked on electricity and seronautics. There is hardly an article in our possession and no thought at all in our minds to which foreigners have not in some way contributed.

The more extensively we co-operate the more we prosper materially, intellectually and spiritually. As any other nation thrives in any of those respects, so do we thrive. We are richer because an Italian, with German knowledge, thought out wireless telegraphy, a Russian wrote some great novels.

The militarist notion that one nation thrives at the expense of another might appeal to a society of monkeys, with. goods consisting simply of what the earth voluntarily produced; but it has no sanction from intelligent human beings.