---
author: Unknown
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '2802'
image: umpire_1917_110.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- sacrifice
- ' war'
title: Uplift By Sacrifice
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

UPLIFT BY SACRIFICE

In an address delivered before the Washington chapter of the Red Cross, Henry P. Davidson, chairman of the Red Cross War Council, said that the sacrifice which the war will bring is needed by America to lift its people to the spiritual exaltation developed in European warring nations.

Continuing his remarks, Mr. Davidson said:

“I wish for no ill, but I hope and pray that whatever may be needed to arouse us to a sense of sacrifice and cleanse us frem our selfishness will come to us.”

He expressed doubt if more than 1 per cent. of Americans ‘‘realize that we are today not only fighting for the principles upon which our Republic was founded, but for our very existence.” People of England and France also were slow to change their ideals early in the war, he said, but now ‘‘it seems as if their affection and regard for mankind had immeasurably increased. They seem to be without malice or design, envy or jealousy, without sordid ambition, to be living on a higher and better plane. Even with their terrible sorrow and suffering, they seem to be stronger and surer and more content to meet whatever may be given them to meet.

“The process of fire, which has thus purified them, has been for our account as well as their own. I hope you will not think me an idealist; I was never more practical in my thought. It is perhaps an appreciation of this that has caused me to go to the Red Cross. For I firmly believe that through the Red Cross we can not only render a service to the people of our Allies— to those who are today fighting for us—but we can bring carefully to our own people a sense both of their obligation and of their opportunity.

“I am optimistic enough to believe that the men and women of this country will, in a not far distant day, rejoice in sacrifice— in real sacrifice—and demand that the Red Cross shall carry to the peoples then living of all our Allies the heartfelt appreciation of what they have done for us, and express such appreciation by every possible aid and support within their power to send.”