---
author: Unknown
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '2806'
image: umpire_1917_111.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- National Geographic Magazine
- ' geography'
title: Farthest North By Rail
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

FARTHEST NORTH BY RAIL

A railroad farthest north, tapping the polar seas beyond Archangel, its whole length running through a region of intense winter cold, is one of the most important constructive results of this destructive world-war, says a writer in the National Geographic Magazine.

‘‘Stimulated by an imperative war-necessity for a port nearer the West and the long battle lines than Vladivostock, this new railway has been driven north with the same fierce energy as that called by the dash for enemy positions,

“Finns, Lapps, Russians, alike, have labored unremittingly to fasten a permanent way of steel between Petrograd and Semonowa, the latter city far beyond the arctic circle, on the northern shore of Finland, near Norwegian Nord Kap. Work upon the new line began a few months after the out- break of the war, and it has been pushed feverishly as a means of over-reaching the blockade by land and sea that isolates Russia in the West.

“The undertaking required the building of more than 650 miles of railroad through an unfavorable country, in many places water-soaked, crossed by low-banked rivers, filled with countless lakes, large and small, and, through a great part of the year, frozen numb and buried under feet of snow. Construction has gone forward from the north and from the south, but there still remains a considerable middle section to be laid before the completion of the project.

“The arteic railroad runs east from Petrograd around Lake Lagoda, where it turns poleward and whence, it holds a northern course until it reaches the harbor at its terminus upon the polar sea. Here on the bleak Murman coast, deadened by months of cold and cheered by a briefest summer, an up-to-date harbor city is being built and the works of a great northernmost naval base are being carried forward. Semenowa, Kola and Alexandrowsk—places that the world has never thought to remember before—are now enjoying an arctic war boom.

“Semenowa was a small collection of fishermen’s huts before the war, apparently too far out of the world ever to form a part of it. Today, large docks, harbor improvements, and a splendidly improvised future has surprised the place. Semonowa tomorrow geems in the way of becoming a thriving, much-mentioned port city.”