---
author: Book of Knowledge
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '2807'
image: umpire_1917_111.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- icebergs
- ' geology'
- ' wonders'
title: The Formation of Icebergs
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE FORMATION OF ICEBERGS

Icebergs are not, as most people think, frozen water in the strict sense of the word. Rather they are accumulations of snow, which formed first into glaciers, and then break off into the forms seen in the ocean.

There are two types of glacier, coastal and valley. The coastal glacier is formed of snow accretions on the very edge of the rocky shores of the Arctic and Antaratic regions. The valley glacier is formed in the same way between two rock ridges.

When the accumulation of snow on the coastal glacier is so increased that it projects too far beyond the rock edge of the land, the glacier breaks off in huge, quadrangular masses or icebergs. When a valley glacier becomes too heavy, it starts to slide and slip out of its bed, and, like the coastal glacier, breaks off, as it hits tlie water, into tremendously large, four-sided shapes.

When these icebergs, or drifting glacier children, as I call them, break off, they are usually about 90 or 100 feet high above the water and from 700 to 800 feet thick below the surface. I have seen icebergs, justafter breaking off, the surface of whose top was approximately 500 feet square. Sometimes they are far larger than that, with a probable weight of over 20,000,000 tons. Lieutenant Peary measured one iccberg that weighed no less than 2,000,000,000 tons.

—Book of Knowledge.