---
author: B-7274
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '2810'
image: umpire_1917_111.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- prison reform
- ' sentencing'
- ' opinion'
title: After-thoughts
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

AFTER-THOUGHTS

Now that our before-thoughts of the one-third bill having been passed, and which has given us new hopes of becoming good and useful citizen, it is time that we give a few after-thoughts to this new law, which was passed for our benefit, and thereby set a good example for those who do not share our luck.

First of all, we must not forget the hard struggle our friends had to have such a law as this passed; and they, no doubt, will look for good results, and as ‘‘one good turn deserves another,” it would only be right that we should prove ourselves worthy of their confidence, which brought about this new hope; and by doing so, we shall not only be helping ourselves, but our brothers, who may come after us. This will require sincerity on our part, as time and again Society has passed laws for the benefit of prisoners, but were later discouraged for the lack of outcome.

It is now within our power to set the good example for those who have been discouraged, and in all probability we shall be the cause of their getting another chance. In the future the legislatures of other sfates will look for the results, and should we prove successful, they will no doubt adopt such a law. This will require a thought of the “other fellow’’ when getting this new chance, and as Mr. Walker, the father of this bill, said: ‘‘we shall now convince those who were opposed to this new bill that they were wrong and we are right;” and perhaps by doing so, we may be able to help those who will not share our new fortune. Here we must consider the ‘‘lifer’” as he, like ourselves, would gladly welcome scuh chance, and by proving ourselves worthy of our friends’ hard struggle, he too will be helped.

So, when leaving here with the thought of the other fellow and your own good intentions, it will enable you to ‘‘do good and make good.” —B 7274.