---
author: B-7542
day: '4'
editor: B-7413
id: '2815'
image: umpire_1917_112.jpg
issue: '26'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' sentencing'
- ' parade'
- ' music'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

What a grand privilege it was on Saturday afternoon to just get out in the yard and talk ‘‘one-third’’ stuff. And what a hopeful bunch it was gathered together. One fellow would say, ‘‘Does it affect you?’’ ‘‘Sure thing; knocks five years off me!”’ ‘“You bet if I get out on it I’'ll never come back again. All I ask is a chance.” ‘‘Whassa matta with goin’ in the navy?’’ "I’ll go if they’ll have me.” "I wonder if they’ll take ‘cons’.’’ Yes, never in the history of old Cherry Hill did the men have a chance to think and speak their thoughts as was done that afternoon. The ones who are not benefitted listened patiently to the other fellows chatter.

When the order was given each man was eager and ready to get out,and at one o’clock the line formed and four abreast, led by Vice-President A 8432, with the brass band under Professor Wiegandt playing martial music, the march was begun. The marching was very good this week, and it was difficult to select the winner. The honor was between the 7th and 4th, and after much debate it was given to the 7th. The Red Cross contingent, with their heads well wrapped, and white gowns, carrying stretchers to aid any who might tall by the wayside, played a conspicuous part in the parade. A large white flag, with a red cross, was borne by the standard bearer.

The 6th Block had a new American flag, the largest of all. Another new flag was the Belgian flag; and now we need the green flag of old Erin, and our flag list will be complete.

The bright colors, the brass band, and bugle corps, with men keeping rhythmic step, each hat taken off and the colors dipped, as “Old Glory’’ flying from the gate tower was passed, the Warden and party reviewing the whole as it passed by, was a sight to see; and well might Warden McKenty feel pleased to know that he was bringing sunshine into the hearts of the men in his charge.

When the march had ended and the baseball began, the men split up in small parties and discussed ‘‘one-third law’’ and other matters at heart, the band on the grandstand doing full justice.

The eminent and worthy leader of the Catholic choir (B 8158, Spitz), accompanied by B 7349 on the saxophone, sang a song, “America, Here’s My Boy,” in a sweet, clear tenor. It was Spitz that the Orpheus Club mentioned his grace in leading his choir.

Pete (A 8432) tried to lead the orchestra. He gave two sweeps with Professor Wiegandt’s baton, then forgot what to do next, and quit. An accordeon solo, with a guitar and song by the guitar king, also gave interest to the entertainment.

Everything was buzzing along nicely, and 3:45 came all too quickly, but the members had placed another week behind them, and quietly fell in. Then to the tune of Jack Evans’ cornet and the drums they marched to their cells.

After they had all gone in some one said, “Where’s Rube?” and upon looking round he was found on the croquet ground with mallet and ball, getting ready for a match game with “Curly’’ on Monday. The last game they played found the four players seated on the ground when the whistle blew, awaiting the settlement of the question as to whether a ball was dead or alive. Oh, what a game the coming one will be!

During the week the croquet ground was opened for the older members. A new croquet set was purchased by the Club, the very best to be had, and now the elder men can be seen sitting around the plot, some playing, others awaiting their turn. Every day, that is, when the weather permits. 

We have not heard from the correspondent of the Ladies’ Auxiliary for some time, al- though there has been a permanent organization, with a Vice-President (Ess), and things are going well.

The Club received a letter of acceptance of honorary membership from Mrs. Robert Kean, filled with encouragement.

We were very happy to receive a letter from our dear old friend ‘‘Little Harry’’ (Delegate B 5602), from the 7th Gallery, who went out in June. He enclosed $1.75 for the Club’s treasury and his best wishes to the boys. He is doing well, ana we wish him success. Hope he will learn that we thank him and he is remembered.

Next week, July 7th, 1st Section, 12 B, 1— 2 G, 8-9-10-11-6 B, 6 G. 

—B 7542.