---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '2817'
image: umpire_1917_113.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- philanthropy
- ' prison'
- ' ESP news'
title: Mrs. Maud Ballington Booth Brings Cheer to E.S.P. Inmates
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MRS. MAUD BALLINGTON BOOTH BRINGS CHEER TO E. S. P. INMATES

Sunday, July 8th, was marked as the occasion of a visit to this institution of the “Little Mother,” Mrs. Maud Ballington Booth, whose welcome presence always brings an atmosphere of encouragement to those who are shut in behind gray prison walls. During the course of her short stay with us, Mrs. Booth visited each of the blocks to deliver a message of comfort and cheer to the inmates and to impress upon them the need of personal effort to lighten their burden of trouble, and, as the ‘‘Little Mother” aptly suggested, that ‘‘we must see the light for ourselves and feel the glow of heart desire for a higher life before lasting results may be looked for by those who are sincere in their wish to lead a future upright life.”

Mrs. Booth cleverly illuminated her remarks by ingenious anecdotes that served to leave a clear impression of the point of illustration, and it may be said that all who listened to the pithy discourse were pleasantly and deeply impressed by the truth of her sayings.

Mrs. Booth’s work among the various prisons of the country is too well known to need further encomiums in these columns, but we do not hesitate to say that many former prisoners have found a staunch friend and comforter in the ‘‘Little Mother’’ at a time when thay were in greatest need of help and encouragement.