---
author: Unknown
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '2821'
image: umpire_1917_114.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
- ' forgiveness'
title: It Is Better to Forgive
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

IT IS BETTER TO FORGIVE

It has been said that all of us have our share of shortcomings, that each one has his or her peculiar failings; and it is true. Yet how hard we can be in criticising the weaknesses of others! One might opine from the severe manner in which we seem inclined to judge others that we are nearly perfect ourselves. Some are so bitter in condemning others that no one would imagine that we had faults of our own to be overlooked, or sins to be forgiven.

The moat in our neighbor’s eye looks so large that one is apt to forget all about the beam in their own. It is so easy to judge. Criticism comes all too easily to our lips; the soft words of leniency and forgiveness come all too seldom. By the latter only may we hope to uplift and beautify the character; while the former is sure to warp and sour it. Eventually those who are inclined to severe criticisms find they are unable to judge impartially, because they constantly seek for flaws.

“There’s so much that’s good in the worst of us, and so much that’s bad in the best of us,’’ that we are unfit to judge others. No one has the right to cast the first stone these days, as stoning has passed out of date as a punishment for sinners. But the modern Pharisee has adopted harsh words to knock his neighbors, with little regard of truth or justifiable excuse for his course. The tendency of the day seems to be one of criticism, and but few have the bigness of heart and broadness of mind to forgive a transgression, whether pardon is sought or not. The little seeming slights of our friends are allowed to rankle in our minds until they grow from mole hills to mountains. Leniency in passing opinion about others should be a trait cultivated by every one.

We should all endeavor to have the forbearance necessary to overlook the little offenses of our neighbors and friends. It may seem a difficult undertaking, but how are we to expect forgiveness if we do not extend it to others? Did not the Master say we must forgive one another?

Frequently you may hear men say, "I’ll never forgive so-and-so for what they did to me.’’ That is a hateful spirit to hold in the mind, and it is sure to bring its own punishment to the one who nourishes it. Why should we act as judges of others? Even though the offense be grievous, is it not better to lighten the heart and relieve the mind by forgiveness? Surely!—for we never know when we may have occasion to seek pardon ourselves.