---
author: Fitch, George
day: '11'
editor: B-7413
id: '2828'
image: umpire_1917_115.jpg
issue: '27'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- friendship
- ' editorial'
title: Our Friends
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

OUR FRIENDS

A friend is a man who is willing to share his time, his money and his company with you, regardless of what another may say about you.

There are many kinds of friends. Some friends exist for revenue only ana some are protective to a high degree. A true friend is a better defender than a battleship and as a convenience has a national bank beaten all around the compass.

Then there are other kmds of friends that are useful in a number of ways. They are a great assistance in smoking cigars, in waiting for ducks and in digesting dinners. A great many men find it impossible to support a large heavy bar in an expensive saloon without the aid of several friends. Friends can be sworn at with comparative safety, and the man who loves to tell disagreeable truths in an offensively frank manner would not live long if he were compelled to practise upon strangers instead of friends.

Friends are blood relatives of procrastination. Both are great thieves of time. As a rule, friends love most dearly to steal the bright and cheerful evening hours which should be spent in reading books. It is a common thing for two or three friends to hold up a perfectly respectable business man and take four or five hours away from him, including the hour in which the last street car leaves the down-town district.

Friends are responsible for most of the politicians of the country. Almost every man who has run for office has done so at the insistence of his friends. This can be proved by the statements of thousands of candidates. However, most of these friends prove their friendship at elections by steadfastly voting for the other fellow.

David and Jonathan were the two first recorded friends of great devotion. Davidloved Jonathan like a brother, but was not half so mean to him. Damon and Pythias were celebrated friends who flourished before the Christian was invented. Pythias took Damon’s place in the death cell while Damon visited his relatives, and was peeved when he could not die for him. Nowadays even greater heights of devotion are reached between friends who go unflinchingly to death in each other’s automobiles in great numbers.

Some people use friends as recreations, some as tonies, some as bank accounts, some as ladders and some as stone walls to lean against. A certain method of finding a friend is to go out and make a noise like a bill breaking. A method not nearly so sure is to go broke yourself.

Friends are pleasant if used in moderation, but disastrous if used to excess. Very few men can afford to have more than a dozen friends, unless they have nothing else to do. It is as much trouble to keep three friends as it is to keep one hired girl.

—George Fitch.