---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '2839'
image: umpire_1917_117.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- pardons
- ' New Jersey'
- ' enlistment'
title: Clemency Granted to Many By N. J. Court of Pardons
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

CLEMENCY GRANTED TO MANY BY N. J. COURT OF PARDONS

It is very satisfactory to note the spirit of liberality and mercy which seemed to actuate the members of the New Jersey Court of Pardons in granting clemency to a large number of petitioners at the last session of that body.

As announced on Saturday last the Court of Pardons reviewed the largest number of applications for clemency in its history, there being 316 cases listed for consideration.

It was decided to grant pardons to 132 of the applicants, nine of which were homicide cases. 106 will become immediately effective, while twenty-six will become effective upon the expiration of the minimum sentence of the applicants.

In speaking of the liberality of the Court in granting the pardons, one of the members averred that the exigencies of the times demands that where there was a probable chance of the prisoner ‘‘making good,’’ it is sheer folly to keep able-bodied or capable men confined in idleness when present economic conditions requires that every available: man should be actively employed in the industries or in the service of his country.

That would seem to be the correct attitude to assume in the matter of granting pardon or parole at this time when the demand for men is so incessant.

No doubt there are many prisoners in the jails and penitentiaries of the country, especially first offenders, who would be glad of the opportunity to ‘‘do their bit” for their country, and become law-abiding citizens in the doing, if given a chance to show their sincerity of purpose. At any rate it would be but fair, in the light of modern reform, to give promising cases a “try-out’’ and watch results.

Let us hope that other communities will follow the generous spirit shown by New Jersey, New York and Illinois, in granting liberal pardon and parole to the inmates of their penal institutions.