---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '2843'
image: umpire_1917_118.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: The Grumbler
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE GRUMBLER

We are told that the Creator in His wisdom created many men of many minds and temperaments, knowing that if the sons of men were alike in wishes and desiresit would lead to unending strife.

He created well, for man is the noblest work of God. But in some way there crept into the world a creature the Almighty did not create like himself. This is the chronic grouch that is to be found here and there in every town and place, searching for—the Lord knows what. He seems to instinctively dislike flowers and children because they stand for love and beauty and all that the good of heart can desire. This craven avers that all women are creatures of sin and all men are liars and the sons of liars.

When other hearts are made joyous by the delights of summer he reviles the beauty of the landscape and detests the life-giving glow of sunshine, and the blight of his perverted mind seems to blight all that is fair and beautiful. His presence is like unto a noxious weed that exhales a fetid odor, and even children avoid him as a thing of evil, while men shun his company as the bearer of an evil tale. And so he stalks abroad spreading his rantings of unhappiness and unbelief —a messenger of discord and evil. Of all things hated by God is the sower of discord and hate among his brethren.

Would it not be well for us all to examine our own hearts and see if this pernicious microbe of evil has made its way therein to mature in time and evolve the detested grouch habit? ‘‘There is too much love and sunshine to be found in this wbrld to displace it with selfishness and the canker of a perverted mind.”