---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '2844'
image: umpire_1917_118.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- flag
- ' patriotism'
title: The Flag We All Love
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE FLAG WE ALL LOVE

What is the glorious flag we all love?

It is just what we make it, no more and no less, says a writer in the Evening Telegraph. In every period since the birth of the Republic it has represented the character and ideal of the American people of that period.

We of this crucial decade may revere it for what it has meantin the past, but we can not truly honor it save by making it reflect something within ourselves that is equally noble and of service to mankind.

In its infancy the flag represented a people yearning for complete self-government and their willingness to die in the struggle to achieve such independence.

Nearly a century later the flag flew in battle for the overflow of human slavery and the final acknowledgment of the United States as ‘‘one and indissoluble.’’

Throughout its existence our precious standard has proclaimed to the world the belief of Americans in ‘‘government of the people, by the people and for the people’’ as the basis of justice among men.

After nearly a century and a half we are sending the flag to the Old World, whence we all trace our origin, in the proud belief that it may help implant there the principles that have made America great and happy.

Upon every American falls an obligation so to think and act during this world crisis that fresh glory, and no slightest stain, shall come upon the flag of our faith and our fathers.