---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '2845'
image: umpire_1917_118.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Philadelphia
- ' charity'
title: His Dream Came True
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HIS DREAM CAME TRUE

An unusual incident came to light in this city recently, which resulted in a poor boy’s dream coming true.

As recorded in a local paper the fact developed that a fourteen-year-old colored boy was found sleeping in a dog-kennel by a resident of Brown street, who notified the police as to what he had seen, at the same time airing his suspicions, etc. A search was instituted in his neighbor’s yard next door, and a policeman located the youth in the kennel as had been declared.

The boy was taken to the station house and after considerable questioning it was disclosed that the lad had made the kennel his abode since he left home three weeks previous. It seems that the boy did not take kindly to the thought of attending school, so he planned to find work and thus escape going to school. His search for work proved successful and he obtained a position with a well-known Walnut street firm and started in to win his way in the world. The youth’s father was summoned to the station-house and at his request the lad’s employer was notified of his whereabouts. This resulted in the youth’s benefactor appearing on the scene with a suitcase loaded with a new suit of clothes, shoes, hat, underwear, stockings, shirt and everything that a boy likes. All of them were brand new. Next the young adventurer had a bath, and rigged out anew.

It is said that if the lad will return to school and bring a favorable report to his benefactor, he is to be given a regular allowance to provide for his growing needs, and when the proper time arrives he will be assisted in securing suitable employment.