---
author: Unknown
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '2850'
image: umpire_1917_119.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' criminality'
title: Clear White Inside
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

CLEAR WHITE INSIDE

“Clear white inside,” as Kipling said of Gungha Din, ‘‘for all his bloomin’ hide,” so was Walter Greenway, even if he was a burglar by choice, comments the editor of Good Words in the current issue.

A burglar he was, the educated, able man, with a knowledge of foreign languages, and he took to second-story work like a gentlemanly Raffles. The sheer excitement of it all lured him. With this equipment in brains and breeding, it may be hard to realize that such a fellow was other than a proverbial black sheep—but wait until you hear the story and then see if I am not right about him. Then you will say ‘‘Yes, he was a burglar but he is white inside and England had cause to be proud of him.” The story is pieced together from Blackwood’s Magazine, London Public Opinion, and our own Literary Digest, each fitting its bit of mosaic work into the de- sign.

As a well trained and responsible clerk in London, Greenway was arrested upon a felony charge. At ‘once he pretended to be a deaf mute.

After his release from sentence he asked to be sent to sea, saying: "I shall never do any good where there are houses with attics, or with any other sort of upper story.
 
"I shall be out of all temptation on a sailing-ship. I could climb the rigging, and do no harm to anybody. Or an Indian wigwam village might do, or a Bedouin encampment—no attics there I understand.

“Send me somewhere out of the country, to sea for choice; I shall be at my accomplishments again if I stay in a civilized community.”

On a sailing-ship he went and for a year the “Old Adam’’ was quiet and then he broke loose. He deserted. Two years later a friend in England heard from him. He had became a Bedouin and had married an Arabian woman. For his wife and three children he shows strong affection. He is very happy—but with the war he again turns deaf mute as in England, so that he may learn what ‘‘his Mohammedan countrymen, their Turkish masters, and the German superbosses are about.” In this a knowledge of German helps him. He goes from camp to camp, always treated considerately as one “afilicted by Allah.’’ Then he comes within the British lines.

When he retarned to the Turkish army, it was learned that he had been with the British forces. He was of course received with great suspicion and as a deaf mute he was put to awful tests. Rifles were fired immediately behind his ears. He did not start. Marched up to a big gun, he stood bleeding at the ears and nostrils from the concussion of twenty explosions. It was evident he was deaf. Even so, perhaps he could talk? Hot irons were applied to tender parts. A fingernail or two were torn out. Only a gutteral moan escaped him. Then they were satisfied. Yes, he was a deaf mute.

He had just given to his countrymen all the plans describing positions, and batteries, and encampments with a precision and accuracy never possible in ‘‘a simple child of the desert.”

Yet this man was a burglar. Does the story not make the eyes misty? Will people never realize what there actually is in the make-up of such a fellow, willingly undergoing torture for the land he loved?

Walter Greenway was white, clear white, inside. A burglar, yes, and yet one easily understands that the concluding words of the article have the right ring: ‘‘He may have been a burglar, but England is proud of him.’’