---
author: B-7542
day: '18'
editor: B-7413
id: '2857'
image: umpire_1917_120.jpg
issue: '28'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' croquet'
- ' obituary'
- ' charity'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the last meeting of the Board of Governors of the Honor and Friendship Club it was ordered, with the concurrence of the Board of Delegates, that all business transacted by these two bodies should be printed in THE UMPIRE. The following is the business for the week of July 9th and 10th.

The Board of Governors met on the above date and the following business was disposed of, the Board of Delegates concurring:

Finance—Order for American flag $12.00
Order 5639, assistance at gate, afterward repaid with 10¢ interest 3.00
Central news for magazines 2.22
A full Board present, President R. C. Me- Kenty present throughout the meeting.
Application for assistance 7308, 7 G. Letter given to Prisoners’ Aid Society.
Motion adopted to purchase a rolling-chair to wheel crippled members to the croquet grounds.
That a monument be purchased anderected. in the Club’s burial plot at the Blockley Baptist Cemetery and proper floral decorations be placed thereon on Decoration Day.
That a member upon receiving assistance from the Club shall sign a paper giving permission to forward a letter to his sponsor stating the amount borrowed and when it is to be paid.
That on Club holidays the band be under the leadership of an inmate.
That the business of the Club shall be published in THE UMPIRE.

No further business, the Board stood adjourned

(Signed) B 7542, Secretary.

The holiday was attended with the pleasure that events of this kind bring to men who are eager for the privilege and show their appreciation.

The parade, if anything, showed the men to a better marching advantage than ever before. The 4th Block was the best body of marchers in line, and it deserved the praise given by the judges.

The Warden, with some visitors, reviewed the parade and pronounced it fine. The 4th Block Black Demons and the Shoe Shop Cadets played a game of baseball in which a great deal of sport was secured. The Cadets won by a score of 8 to 1.

The 5th Block played an exciting game with the Garage Stars. The Stars wiped the ground up with the 5th, with a score of 12 to 3.

On the band stand the concert was good, under the leadership of Jack Evans. Standing out among the performers was a bright young soldier, a member of artillery. One look was sufficient to know it was Private George Rightly, son of Prof. C. W. Rightly, who has entertained the members of the H. F. C. for some time past. In corsideration of Saturday being the anniversary of the fall of the Bastile, otherwise ‘‘Bastile Day,” Professor Rightly played the ‘‘Marseillaise" as a compliment, while his son looked serious and thoughtful, not knowing how soon he will be ordered to the front.

The croquet ground fills a long-felt want, and many eldery members take advantage of the privilege who otherwise would have nothing to do but think.

Promptly at 3:45 P. M. the bugle was sounded and the men assembled quietly and orderly to march back to their blocks.

The Club offers sincere condolence to the Hon. James A. Walker. His father, Mr. James Walker, a prominent coal dealer and President of the Coal Exchange for many years, and one of Philadelphia’s prominent citizens, died on Friday last. With this grief in his home Mr. Walker could devote time and interest to the man inside and use his efforts to have the world give him a chance. Men such as Mr. Walker are God’s creatures.

There is much interest shown by Chaplain Welch in a Bible class organized among the members and presided over by him. The talks and instruction given on each Friday are beginning to show results and many members are learning that the Bible is a wonderful book and well worth the study.

B 8156, 12-1 G, who borrowed $5.00 from the Club on June 15th, promptly returned the same within thirty days, showing his honesty of purpose and encouraging others by his example.

The gratification shown in the replies from the different members of the King’s Daughters who have been made honorary members of the H. F. C. is an indication that the Club is on the right road. With friends like these to urge us to renewed efforts and their willingness to allow themselves to become honorary members of our Club is proof con- clusive that that there is material for good inside.

A letter from Superintendent David C. Peyton, of the Indiana Reformatory, to the Secretary of the H. F. C., says that he has hopes that the matter may be adjusted so that the man inside may enlist. Our Warden, Mr. R. J. McKenty, is heartily in favor of the enlistment of prisoners. He has been in direct communication with President Wilson and his Cabinet and feels sure a way will appear.

“Curly’s” Information is open to any one who desire any sensible information relating to matters of importance to the man in the cell. Address ‘‘Curly,’’ 11th Block.

Vice-President Webber had the parade well in hand on Saturday, while Jack Evans had the band under perfect control.

Our old friend Dan sprung a new one on us this week. In the make-up of Dr. Quack, flaming side whiskers and high hat, he was prepared to cure or kill any member who might fall by the wayside.

There is entirely too much side-stepping the parade. The walk will do any one a lot of good, and every one who is able should be in line. President R. C. McKenty ordered that the number of each man not in line Saturday should be taken. These men will be asked for their excuse, and if it is not sufficient they will be kept in. This method will be continued. If a man is unable to march he will be excused, but no slackers will be permitted in the future.

Every one was the happier on Saturday for a sight of Mr. Edward Kraupa. When he appeared on the grounds the clouds appeared to raise. He always makes things brighter with his cheery smile. Come often, Mr. Kraupa. As the men passed the reviewing stand a picture on the Saturday Evening Post was brought vividly to the mind. The moment the flag appeared the Warden stood erect in true military attitude, a young soldier in kahki beside him, each with hand to head, looking the picture of true military attitude and respect for ‘‘Old Glory.” July 21,12 1 G, 2 G, 11—10—1—9—8—6—6 G—12.

—B 7542.