---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2860'
image: umpire_1917_121.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- jail
- ' prison reform'
- ' prison labor'
title: Jail Evils to be Abolished by County Farms
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

JAIL EVILS TO BE ABOLISHED BY COUNTY FARMS

It is expected that many of the evils of the county jails will be abolished when the new county industrial farm workhouses and reformatories are erected in the nine districts prescribed by the provisions of a bill approved by Governor Brumbaugh, says a Harrisburg correspondent.

According to the present plan, each of the work farms will be controlled by a board of trustees consisting of one County Commissioner, appointed by the President Judge of the Quarter Sessions Court in each county. There is no compensation for their work, but the trustees will be entitled to the collection of their expenses. This board will select a gite for the work farm, which may be donated or purchased, but if purchased will consist of not more than 500 acres.

It is thought best to have the site selected to consist of ground of varied topography, with natural resources, and the inmates are to be employed in fruit-growing, stock-raising, brick-making and the preparation of road and paving materials. The site will have railroad, drainage, sewage and water facilities. 

The board of trustees will be required to serve until the expiration of their present terms and after that they are to be named for four-year terms. The courts of the various counties are empowered to send the inmates of the county jails and prisons to these workhouses, and it is the duty of the superintendent to keep the inmates employed. It is also provided that habitual drunkards and drug-users are to be sent to these institutions. An authority is quoted as saying that first workhouse districts will comprise the counties of Philadelphia, Delaware, Chester, Montgomery and Bucks.