---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2868'
image: umpire_1917_122.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
title: Must Pay the Price
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MUST PAY THE PRICE

Some people find it hard to understand that there is hardly anything worth having in this world that is given away; that luck is a mere chimera, and, like the end of the rainbow, hard to find. No one rides free on the road to happiness, and he who tries to do so always finds it has just eluded his grasp, and he is left to profit or sulk over his delusion. Perhaps it would be too much to say that all human sorrow and misery could be traced to the habit of trying to get something for nothing, as our troubles and sorrows have as many phases as humanity itself. But if we consider this statement in the negative it may not be so far from the truth, for no one is ever so utterly miserable who is willing to pay the price of happiness.

The price that all sterling gifts demands, most people would seemirgly prefer to get by some makeshift or pretense, rather than to make an honest effort to secure. Just why that should be the case is not easy of solution; but the fact remains that we can not get out of the world more than we are willing to put in it. We can no more change the natural law that governs all things than we can fool the Almighty.

The world’s choicest gifts are not hard to find if we look about in the right way, but you must seek dilligently, and, having found, pay the price—in other words, we will be rewarded in proportion to our efforts. In that way man will come to the understanding that he is compensated in proportion to his worth. Having paid the price for the object of his choice, the reward is as sure to follow as the dawn of day.