---
author: Advance Thoughts
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2869'
image: umpire_1917_122.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- loyalty
- ' opinion'
- ' Advance Thoughts'
title: Loyalty
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

LOYALTY

Of all the human traits which contribute most to the unity, strength, integrity, and growth, of any organization, Loyalty perhaps is entitled to be considered first. Loyalty is devotion to those leaders who originally saw the vision,and have wrought out,in struggle, sweat and work the primitive structure, and still carry the banners, and lead the march onward up the steeps of accomplishment. Loyalty, first, presupposes devotion to one’s God. Secondly to those men, and their ideals, whose works clearly reflect the inspiration of the great Universal Creator. Further, the spirit of Loyalty is very closely allied to that other spirit, Service, which must be the impulse animating the great mass of humanity in its struggle onward and upward.

Loyalty works both ways—and is equally admirable whether given by the inferior to the superior, or vice versa. No man is so great, or so small a part of any industrial structure, that he can afford to ignore this mandate.

Loyalty brings out, and presses deep in, the fact of individual importance in the work of the world. He who carries the bricks is as vital a necessity in the erection of the building as is he who builds the walls.

The Spirit of Loyalty is as essential in the employer as it is in the employe. It gives the interweaving of mutual justice and that mutual desire and constant watchfulness for each other’s personal welfare which results in mutual happiness and prosperity.

Loyalty gives Royalty to Service.

Loyalty ‘‘helps the Other Fellow.”

—Advance Thoughts.