---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2870'
image: umpire_1917_122.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Energy Magazine
- ' inspiration'
- ' history'
title: Failures Who Come Back
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

FAILURES WHO COME BACK

The pages of history are replete with failures who ‘‘came back’’ and among them was Francois Eugene, fifth son of the Prince of Savoy. His father was French. His mother was an Italian maid of honor at the French Court.

The boy began life badly enough by being the youngest of a none-too-rich father’s large family. To make things worse, he was cursed with physical infirmities and defects that made him the pity and the scorn of luckier youths.

Then, when he reached his early manhood, came a crushing blow, says a writer in Energy.

Eugene was military mad. The one aim and longing of his life was to be a soldier. He dreamed of military glory. His family wanted to make a priest of him. But he won their consent to let him go into the army. No sooner was the consent gained than a far worse obstacle came between Eugene and his goal.

Louis XIV was King of France. Louis hated Eugene’s mother. By way of petty revenge against her he refused to allow her son to enter the French army. The King’s Prime Minister, too, hated Eugene, and he brought the young man into public disgrace. At the same time Louis injured the fortunes of Eugene’s family and dismissed the young man’s mother from her post of honor at court.

Eugene’s career was thus ruined at the very outset. He was barred from the army and from court. Noblemen turned their backs on him when he met them. Through no fault of his own he was a failure. Not only that, but his beloved mother had been brought to humiliation on his account. France was too hot for him. He went into exile. 

Few young men have had more obstinate setbacks at so early an age. The fawning courtiers who curried favor with their King by sneering at Eugene regarded him as one of the most laughable failures of the day. 

Instead of letting failure depress him into apathy, Eugene became the more determined to succeed—yes, and to win revenge against the King who had refused him a career and who had insulted his dear mother. 

He left France. His distant cousin was Emperor of Austria. To him the young exile now went, asking for a commission in the Austrian army. The Emperor accepted Eugene’s services and gave him a cavalry captaincy. It was the wisest move any Austrian Emperor ever made—a move that was to change history and the map of Europe. Through reckless bravery and sheer military genius Hugene rose fast in the Austrian service. Louis heard of his rise and sought once more to disgrace him. He sent Eugene a short message, bidding him return at once to France under penalty of lifelong banishment. Kugene wrote this curt reply: 

"I shall return some day to France. But it will be at the head of an invading army!” 

Within a very few years Prince Eugene was a major-general in Austria and high in the favor of the Austrian Emperor. He used his new influence to spur Austria on to an alliance against France. Louis, in alarm, offered Eugene the baton of a Marshal of France as a bribe to leave Austria’s army for his own. Eugene sent back an insulting refusal and doubled his efforts to stir up strife between France and Austria. The Failure had already begun to make good. 

Austria and Turkey were at war. The Turks’ invasions threatened to engulf all the Continent. Kugene, at the head of the Aus- trian forces, met a far stronger Turkish army at Zentha in 1697, annihilating it and forcing the Sultan to sign a peace treaty. Later he besicged Belgrade, which was defended by a Turkish force six times as strong as his own, and, by sterm, forced the city to surrender. He was marching on Constantinople itself when the Sultan aéain sued for peace.

At last Eugene succeeded in wielding England and Austria and Holland into an alliance against Louis. He swooped down upon the French armies that held Italy and demolished them, one after another. Thence he went to Bavaria, where, in 1704, he and the Duke of Marlborough, beat the French at the Battle of Blenheim.

Afterward, at the head of an invading army—as he had long ago been promoted—he marched into France.

Thirteen dangerous wounds, an avalanche of wealth and honors, the conquest of almost half of Europe—these were some of the results of the ‘‘Failure’s’’ half century of military glory. Greatest of all his rewards (to his own way of thinking) were the humbling of Louis and the avenging of the monarch’s ill treatment of him and of his mother. Incidentally, for the first and last time in history, Austria was raised by Eugene to the rank of foremost military power of the world.