---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2872'
image: umpire_1917_123.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- New York State Department of Health's Health News
- ' information literature'
title: The One-Man Job
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE ONE-MAN JOB

A prominent business man has said that ‘“Never was there more machinery, social and political, for doing allkinds of work than at the present time.’’ Yet never were the efforts of the individual more needed for the accomplishment of great results. The very existence of progressive methods and organizations constitutes a danger, though it is not a reason for abandoning modern machinery. For with the danger is developing, here and there, an increased sense of responsibility.

An occasion like the floating of the Liberty Loan brings home to the small investor the duty and privilege of participation in the great financial activities of the nation and of the world. This is true of other enterprises in which our citizens join their savings and the labor of their hands.

The New York State Department of Health gives a case in point in its monthly bulletin, Health News. The campaign against tuberculosis in Saranac Lake, N. Y., is described by Dr. Charles C. Trembley, the local health officer. He tells of the good influence of the work of one obscure farmer, who had neither money nor elaborate equipment, yet he produced milk with a lower bacterial count than any of the large dairies could show. The story goes on:

The effect was immediate and gratifying. Witnessing the influx of new business to this dairyman, harried by questions from their customers as to why they were not producing a better grade of milk, the remaining dairy-men besieged the health official with applications for definite instructions as to methods for improving their standing. At present, of the twenty-three dairies furnishing milk to the village, twenty consistently produce a milk with a bacterial count under 50,000. The local requirements are stringent, inasmuch as they require a bacterial count of 25,000 for grade A, and not over 50,000 for grade B. Nevertheless, eight of the dairies, more than one-third, are in grade A.

The man who does his own work well not only swells the sum total of high-grade product by that much but he exercises a stimulating influence on all those about him.