---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2875'
image: umpire_1917_123.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- medicine
- ' information literature'
- ' invention'
title: The "New" Antiseptic
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE “NEW” ANTISEPTIC 

Various notices have appeared in the daily and weekly papers from time to time in regard to what is stated to be a new and wonderful antiseptic, said to be used very successfully in France in the treatment of surgical cases. Credit for its discovery is given both to Drs. Alexis Carrel and D. Dakin. This new antiseptic system consists in the application of hypochlorites. As a matter of actual fact the credit for the use of these substances as antiseptics belongs to an American. Their value in medical and surgical use was discovered by Albert E. Woolf, of New York, twenty-five years ago, and the Woolf system was adopted by the City of New York for the purification of water. Many other scientific publications at that time contained comments and accounts of applications of this discovery.

All of the valuable results now claimed for the hypochlorites for medicinal and surgical use were developed by Dr. J. Solis Cohen in the Home for Consumptives in Philadelphia, many years ago; and they were also used by Dr. Philip Keyser in the Wills Eye Hospital, Philadelphia, and in New York hospitals, where they have long been well known. Many special and exhaustive tests were made in the Hahnemann Hospital in New York in abdominal operations, with remarkable success.

In some of the articles now appearing it is claimed that hypochlorite of calcium is the - most powerful antiseptic known, but that its use is limited, owing to its destructive action on human tissue, due to its acidity. This statement is erroneous, as the hypochlorite of calcium is strongly alkaline, and its destructive action, if any, would be due to its strong alkalinity and oxidizing action if used in too concentrated form. The statement is also incorect for the reason that it is well known that oxygen, or ozone, is the most powerful antiseptic.