---
author: B-7542
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2877'
image: umpire_1917_124.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the weekly meeting of the Board of -Governors, delegates concurring, the following business was transacted:

Acknowledged receipt of $5.00 from B 8153.

Acknowledged receipt of $5.00 from B 5048.

The motion to make a member leader of the band on Saturday half-holidays was reconsidered and ordered stricken from minutes of last meeting.

A very nice letter from Mrs. Bartlett, President of the King’s Daughters, accepting honorary membership in the Club was read and it received unanimous applause. Communication from B 6563, 5 G, thanking the Club for the proffered loan of $20.00 with which to pay a doctor’s bill at home was approved. He has succeeded in raising the funds through his own efforts.

The Board of Governors met as a finance committee and voted $25.00 to the Red Cross fund for purchasing toilet paper and soap for soldiers at the Front.

At the regular weekly holiday the band played in its usual splendid manner. Professor Wiegandt, having returned from his ‘vacation, was again in charge.

The many flags lent a pleasing color to the scene. B 5757 is awaiting a beautiful green Irish flag.

The bunch was a little disappointed at the apparent fate of the one-third law, but with true prison philosophy smiled and said, “there’s hope yet.”

There is a beautiful almost new drum for sale on the 11th Block, with silver mounted sticks. “Curly’’ says he don’t think he’ll play drum any more. He must devote his spare time to business and give up some. of his pleasure.

Did any one see a sweeter sight than Jimmie Double-O in his new uniform cap strutting around the yard on ‘‘Happy’s” arm? Some boy, Jimmie; and ‘‘Happy’’ makes a careful nurse too.

Jake, the baseball manager, had a couple of visitors viewing things, and with a careful eye on the baseball game, and he pointed out the different advantages the members enjoyed.

Our friend Mr. Edward Kraupa, of the Monarch Film, came with Mr. B. Amsterdam, of the Masterpiece Film Co., and they were under the wing of Vice-President A 8432, who conducted them around the yard.

The orchestra played good music on the band stand and the 12th Block walk was lined with domino, chess and checker players, and the croquet ground was well patronized by the elder members.

President R. C. McKenty dilligently tried to knock his fingernail off on the peg and button game.

A bright gathering of sweet young faces was observed at the entrance of the 12th Block. Miss Elsie McKenty was the matron of the party, which consisted of another young lady and three bright, clean looking young marines in uniform.

Each one gave strict attention to the game of baseball, and when ‘‘Fritz,’’ he of the Garage, called fiercely to a player at second, “You’re out!”’ the young lady was heard to say, “Why does he look so fierce and speak so rough? He knows he’s not out; he’s in.”’ And he is, too, for a big bit.

There was a good game of baseball between the 8th Block and the Buglers, and it resulted in a score of 8 to 5.

The second game was between the New Stars and the Goldie Stars, and the score was 6 to 2 when, in the middle of the 6th inning, the bugle sounded and the game was called.

The seriousness of the draft was brought home on Saturday when it was learned that our president, R. C. McKenty, was drafted and might possibly be called to the colors. We glory in the idea of our president being a man of the old school and no slacker, and yet we dislike the thought of losing him from our midst. There’s not a man who will not miss Rube.

Professor Wiegandt had the Secretary of the Honor Club compose and write a letter to President Wilson and Secretary of the Naivy Daniels urging that the E. S. P. band be enlisted as a body, with Professor Wiegandt as leader, for duty on the battleship Kansas. This letter was sent in the name of Professor Wiegandt, but the answer returned was, ‘‘not at this time.”

There is no question as to the 1st Block being the best marchers in the line on Saturday; although they did not have sufficient time to get their regular swing, as the line only went once around the yard. Pete had sore feet and the weather was a little too warm. They are a well drilled body of men, and they take pride in their marching.

Next week, 2nd Section—5-5 G., 7 B., 7 G., 4 G., 4 B., 3 B.

— B 7542.