---
author: A-8432
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '2879'
image: umpire_1917_124.jpg
issue: '29'
layout: item
month: '7'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' croquet'
title: H.F.C. Croquet
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

H. F. C. CROQUET GROUND

The Honor and Friendship Club’s croquet ground is a reserved resort for the aged members who are too old to take an active part in baseball or more strenuous games of skill. Therefore, it was decided to provide a suitable game as a recreation and a pastime for these old men.

Immediately croquet was decided upon, and a set was straightway purchased, and now our aged members can indulge in a good game of croquet. There are eighty-five men on the lists, representing nearly every block and gallery in this institution, and each block and gallery averages about four trips every week to the grounds. The many happy and contented faces indicate their sincere appreciation of this privilege.

The initial opening of these grounds, June 29th, was a day of enjoyment to all who participated in the day’s program, for besides croquet the men can indulge in quiet litile games, such as dominoes, checkers, crokanole, tossing deck rings, etc., and in all the day was most enjoyably passed.

All who enjoy these privileges are united in their sincere thanks t6 Warden Robert J. McKenty, for it shows the kind and humane method in which he deals with the men under his charge.

If there are any elderly men who were overlooked, or not placed upon the lists, they should hand their numbers to the delegate on their block or gallery, and the Vice-President will call to see them.

A 8432, Vice-President.