---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2882'
image: umpire_1917_125.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Pennsylvania
- ' prison reform'
title: Prison Commission to Draft Reform Bill
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

PRISON COMMISSION TO DRAFT REFORM BILL

A Harrisburg correspondent announces that the newly created Prison Commission will soon begin an investigation of. prison laws, systems .and methods in this and other states, with the object of bringing the treatment of prison and jail inmates in Pennsylvania up to the highest existing standard, as the result of the signing by Governor Brumbaugh of the Sproul bill, which provides for such an
inquiry. The new law, carrying an appropriation of $5000, was held by the Governor until the last day for signing bills. The measure provides that the Governor is authorized to appoint a commission of five members, one of whom must be an active official of a prison in Pennsylvania, and this commission has full powers to inquire into every phase of prison regulation and management. It is directed, from the facts obtained, to recommend to the next Legislature such a revision of existing prison laws or customs as it shall deem wise.
From present indications it is considered likely that they will prepare a prison code for Pennsylvania, recommend the abolition of many existing evils as well as point the way for great improvements over present conditions. 525
A number of advocates in the prison-re- form movement in Pennsylvania were behind the Sproul act. ‘Among its most ardent ad- vocates were Senator .Sproul, Dr. William Draper Lewis, president of the Prison Re- form League; Representative Fletcher W. Stites, of Montgomery County, who fought for all prison-reform measures in the Legis- lature; Colonel C. A. Rook, editor of the Pittsburgh Dispatch and chairman of the State Prison Labor Commission. Several of these have already been suggested for mem- bership on the new commission, with Doctor Lewis or Representative Stites most likely to be chosen as chairman, a position either is eminently qualified to fill.