---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2885'
image: umpire_1917_126.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- prison labor
- ' Pennsylvania'
- ' prison reform'
title: And Now the County Farms
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

AND NOW THE COUNTY FARMS

Undoubtedly much good will result from the operation of the new prison farm bill which was signed by the Governor last week, as it will enable counties to co-operate in maintaining prison farms and workhouses.

It will also enable the prison inmates to help themselves to a certain degree, and it is to be hoped that it may pave the way to more advanced penal legislation in the future.

It is intended to apportion the state into nine districts, combining certain counties geographically related, and to authorize the establishment of an institution in each district, with a farm, workhouse and reformatory to which all persons sentenced for any crime except murder and voluntary manslaughter may be sent, instead of being incarcerated in county jails. The measure is not mandatery. The counties may carry out its provisions, and there is every reason to believe that the progressive county officials of the state will give it a try-out. As we construe the bill, it will impose a charge upon the counties at the outset for the purchase of farms and the construction of suitable buildings, but it will result in a saving in no long time. This is made the more certain by the fact that the joint institutions would be managed by a board of trustees composed of one county commissioner from each county in the district.

This measure would seem to provide a perfectly practical scheme to offer useful employment for the petty offenders who now encumber county jails, and a way to make them compensate society in some degree for their upkeep, and at the same time it should operate to bring out the better qualities of the prisoner rather than to develop the worst, as at present. 

Let us anticipate its best possible success.