---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2887'
image: umpire_1917_126.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: What Rules You?
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WHAT RULES YOU?

Suppose you have work to do; you like some of it; but there is a sameness—some tiresome routine, or possibly you are forced to come in contact with some one who is antagonistic to you. What then? Would you fret and fume and make things disagreeable all around? Better not. For if you look around you will find but few who have work that it pleasing from every point of view. Every mechanic has his tools to look after, and he must keep them in shape to do efficient work. This may be a little tiresome at times, but he is assumed to be particularly fortunate in the fact that his work is play to him—or at least that he loves it.

The question that comes to mind is: Do you allow yourself to be ruled by your likes or by your dislikes? Do you put emphasis on the part of your job that is distasteful to you, or do you sensibly decide that the part of your work you enjoy is what shall influence your attitude and your spirits?

The proper answer to that question denotes true character, success and happiness. But if you allow yourself to be ruled by hate, you put a brake on business effort. You ecan easily ruin your health by such an attitude. And you will find that it requires mental discipline to make the best of anything. Remember that when you cultivate the habit of optimism you have every chance of being a success.