---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2888'
image: umpire_1917_126.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: Cheerfulness
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

CHEERFULNESS

All spunk does not denote cheerfulness; though cheerfulness usually carries with it an element of spunk. In this case we are pleased to present Cheerfulness from Spunk.

There is no quality so beneficial in our relations with our fellow-man, and in our daily activities, as CHEERFULNESS. It is not as difficult to acquire as some of us imagine. Indeed there is no possession so valuable which can be secured at so little cost. We can all be CHEERFUL and good natured if we try. It is only necessary to train our thoughts and actions. Fighting, as we are for the greatest treasure that man can possess, “HEALTH,” and on the battle ground the State has given us, means to give little thought to the hardships, difficulties and trials we encounter daily, to look on the bright side of our surroundings, to dwell both in memory and speech on pleasant and encouraging happenings, and on the amiable characteristics of every acquaintance. Difficulty and trials are bound to arise every day of our lives. Among our cottage mates who have not had the same opportunities that many of us had, do not create despondency in the mind of the cheerful person, but rather strive to increase his hope in the future ard the mind will thus acquire that happy disposition to improve opportunities, which rarely fails of success. The CHEERFUL spirit is always a healthy and happy one, imparting and stimulating CHEERFULNESS to and in others, in life the CHEERFUL person is as a ray of sunshine. How pleasant it is to meet such a one in the daily walks of life. They are good to look upon, they make us forget life’s burdens and we go on our way ‘‘BETTER’’ for having met them. They inspire us with confidence and are truly benefactors of the human race.