---
author: Unknown
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2891'
image: umpire_1917_127.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- geography
- ' nature'
- ' information literature'
title: Our National Parks
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

OUR NATIONAL PARKS

The national parks are areas which Congress has set apart because of their extraordinary scenic beauty, remarkable phenomena or other unusual qualification, for the use and enjoyment of all the people for all time. There are fourteen in the United States, of which eight are of the first order of size and scenic magnificence—which means a great deal in a land as beautiful as ours, declares a writer in Leslie’s.

These eight are: Mt. Rainier National Park, in Washington; Crater Lake National Park, in Montana; Yellowstone National Park, principally in Wyoming; Yosemite Na- tional Park, in California; Sequoia National Park, in California; Glazier National Park, in Montana, and Rocky Mountain and Mesa Verde National Parks, in Colorado.

With these must be classed the Grand Canyon of the Colorado, in Arizona, which, though still remaining a national monument, is one of the great wonders of the world. Every person living in the United States ought to know more about these parks and ought to visit them. Considered together, they contain more features of conspicuous grandeur than are readily accessible in all the rest of the world, while considered individually they equal, if they do not excell, the the most celebrated scenic places abroad.

There are, for instance, some geysers in Yellowstone Park larger than can be found anywhere else on the globe, the nearest approach being the geysers of Iceland and faroff New Zealand. There is no other valley so strikingly beautiful as Yosemite, and no- where else can be found a canyon of such size and marvelous coloring as the Grand Canyon of the Colorado. In the Sequoia National Park grow trees so huge and old that none elsewhere compares with them.

One of the striking features of the eight greater national parks of our country is that each one of them is quite different from all the others; each has marked peculiarities of its own.