---
author: Square Deal
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2893'
image: umpire_1917_127.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- Square Deal
- ' penal press'
- ' enlistment'
title: The Felon Soldier
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE FELON SOLDIER

A number of influential publications have advocated the enlistment of prisoners for service in the army, and we are pleased te quote the following paragraphs from the Square Deal.

Among the causes for exemption from draft has been mentioned conviction for crime constituting a felony. Men who have served terms in penitentiaries are not wanted in the army, because soldiering is honorable and men called into national service are not to be made the associates of felons. There can be no other reason than that for refusing to take intothe army otherwise eligible men, who could render good service and in a majority of cases make as good soldiers as any other. There are two reasons why these men should be taken. The first is that they should not be exempt from performing the same duty for the country as other citizens. The second is that it would do them good.

The man who comes out of a prison has a hard time of it. He is always under the ban. The police view him suspiciously and arrest him on suspicion for everything that happens. He can not secure employment easily when his felony is known, and when he gets it without being known he is in constant danger of exposure and discharge. With such treatment it is little wonder the discharged felon soon gets back inte jail. There is a broad highway leading there and but crooked and obstructed trails leading anywhere else.

Military discipline is one of the best character builders there is. It would be fine for these men who have suffered a prison term because of a defective character or poor development of it. We could do nothing better with the young man discharged from prison and facing the coldness of the world than to make a soldier of him and at the same time probably make a man of him.

The only objection is the odium of his felony and the natural desire of other young men not to be compelled to associate with him. If this is so strong that they must be excluded from comradeship with other soldiers, all such might be combined into a regiment by themselves. It has been done in other countries and good regiments have been the result. The United States should hold these men to military duty, both to secure their services and to make men of them. It would be a fine piece of social service, anapproach to a glimmer of common sense in the handling of our young men who have taken a wrong step and who are almost sure to become confirmed criminals if left to themselves.