---
author: N.Y. Herald
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2895'
image: umpire_1917_127.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' Mexico'
title: A Mexican Solomon
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

A MEXICAN SOLOMON

On one occasion an officer stole a sack of silver pesos. He fled into the state of Guerrero. Zapata sent for a young officer of his staff and said:

“You will follow this traitor night and day, and never rest until you find him. You must not kill him, but bring him back to me alive. I will hang him in the plaza before all the people as one who has been false to his trust.”

Without remark the young officer left the headquartersand started the pursuit. For weeks he trailed the fugitive back and forth through hostile country. At last he captured him and brought him, bound hand and foot, into a room where Zapata was holding a conference. ‘‘Mi general,” he said huskily, “you told me to capture him without injury and bring him before you. I have done so. Now I want to ask one favor. Let medie in his place and set him free.”

“What fool is this ?" cried Zapata in amazement. ‘‘Why do you, an honorable soldier, want to die to set free this traitor?’’

‘‘He is my youngest brother,’’ replied the officer. I obeyed your order because you are my chief, but if my brother dies because of me, I would not want to live.”

For a moment Zapata gazed from the cring- ing prisoner to the pale-faced officer standing" rigidly at attention.

“Listen to me!” he finally exclaimed, point- ing his finger in the prisoner’s face.

“Your brother has proved that he is a man. So I will grant his request. This is my sentence: you will be stripped of your rank and work as your brother's mozo. You will do woman’s work and cook for him, and serve him as a slave. Nevermore will you carry a gun in the company of free men. Go!’’

—N. Y. Herald.