---
author: B-7542
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2898'
image: umpire_1917_128.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' minstrelsy'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the regular meeting of the officers and delegates the following business was transacted:

B 7927, Chalrman of the Board of Governors, A 8432-8361 and 7542, with President R C. McKenty an interested spectator

Finance Committee—B 6335, 7 G. Application for loan of $20.00 to procure a lawyer to defend him in a case in another state, after his release from here. Laid on the table.

B 8649, 6 B. Application for $2.00 for a legal transaction. Deferred, subject to in- vestigation. 1

Paid B 5999, 8 B, $556.00 for bead ﬂags made for the Club.

Paid Professor Wiegandt $2.40 for thirteen violin strings to be used by the orchestra at concerts for the Club’s entertainment.

Court Committee—B 7725, 5 G., indefinitely suspended from the Club for insolence and destroying application card.

B 4948, 4 B., indefinitely suspended for having contraband in his possession.

B 8412, 4 B, fighting. Laid on the table for further investigation.

Motion by delegate that a petition be drawn up and signed by the delegates testifying to the conduct of B 8099, the Club typist, applicant for a pardon.

Application for membership of B 5913 laid upon the table for six months.

Harry L. Jenkins, attorney-at-law, made an honorary member by unanimous rising vote.

During the week a member of the Board of Governors (B 6252) has been released on parole, with the good wishes of the members.

The following communication was received from Hon. J. A. Walker by one of the members during the week.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
HARRISBURG, PA. July 17, 1917. 

Dear Bill:
We deeply appreaate your kind letter of condolence of the 16th inst. It is a matter of great happiness to have your expression of appreciation of my father as an adviser and a friend. 

Tell the boys at 2107 he slipped away and died, as all of us some day hope to die. I keenly appreciate their sympathy.

Sincerely yours, JAMES A. WALKER. (Mr. W. S. Grier.)

Mr. A. Votaw, Secretary of the Prisoners’ Aid Society, paid a visit to the Club secretary, having just returned from his vacation. Mr. Votaw was surprised and disappointed that his efforts in behalf of the one-third law had been unavailing. He spoke of the persistence of Mr. Walker and believes that he (Mr. Walker) will be successful in his efforts.

Jimmie Double-O had a birthday on July 2bth. He has four sound teeth, and he took a short walk the day he was one year old. Some boy, Jimmie, and he lives the life of Riley, with Happy and Johnnie ready to do his bidding.

The regular Saturday holiday was filled: The customary march around the yard was indulged in, with the band playing and the flags flying.

The most enjoyable part of the afternoon was an improvised concert. Mr. Dipple brought Mr. K. S. Carlin to visit the boys and introduced him to Vice-President A 8432, the Secretary, and “Curly’’ (B 8361).

Mr. Dipple remarked that Mr. Carlin was at one time a star performer at Dumont’s Minstrels. There was no entertainment for the members, there being neither band nor so “Curly” jumped into the breach with "Let's get the piano out on the band stand and perhaps Mr. Carlin will sing." President R. C. McKenty was consulted. "Sure," said Rube, and four or five huskies picked the piano up and ran out to the grand stand with it. Then followed an entertainment that was pronounced by all as the best, and it was enjoyed more than anything since the movies closed for the season.

Mr. Carlin sang a song, ‘‘A Little Bit of Heaven, and They Called It Ireland,’’ that made the throat tighten. Encored he sang, "I Never Was Nearer Heaven in My Life,” and again, “Send Me a Rose.”

Then, to show Mr. Carlin and Mr. Dipple that “Curly’s’’ Minstrels had lost none of their cleverness, an performance, in which Josh, Jud, and D. C., Nut and County did their different stunts and buck dancing. Mr. Carlin remarked afterward, “This has been one of the most enjoyable afternoons of my life. I tell you, boys, you owe a lot to Warden McKenty. I don’t know him personally, but I can see why the papers outside are sounding his praise. I always thought men in the penitentiary were like animals out to the zoo, but I find them just ordinary, every-day fellows whom I’d be glad to meet at any time.’’ Every one hoped to see Mr. Carlin again. The two baseball games gave great sport. President "Rube" umpired and rendered many close decisions. The first game was between the 4th Block Stars and the E. S. P. Giants, and a score of 8 to 4 was the result, in favor of the Giants. 

Several members have been inquiring for Miss Mae Russell. Miss Russell is an honorary member of the Club and each member re- calls her bright presence with a sincere affection. The Club would appreciate a visit or a letter.

Chaplain Welch extends a Welcome to any who may desire to receive instruction in the Bible to attend the Blble class on Frlday afternoon at 2:30.

August 4, 1st Sectlon, 12-2, 11, 10, 1, 9, 8, 6, 6-G, 12, 12-1. Those who are able are expected to march in line. 

—B 7542.