---
author: B-7542
day: '1'
editor: B-7413
id: '2899'
image: umpire_1917_128.jpg
issue: '30'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- child
- ' women'
- ' prison'
title: Jimmie Double-O
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

JIMMIE DOUBLE O

Some one has said, "It takes all kinds of people to make a world.” It may aptly be said, It takes all kinds of people to make a prison. To prove this, we have all kinds in the Honor and Friendship Club. Among them is Jimmie Double-O, who on July 25th celebrated the first year of his life—and in the Eastern State Penitentiary. He is the youngest member of the H. F. C.

Jimmie Double-O is a resident of the 2nd Block, which means female department, and arrived some months since, with his mother. Too young to be parted from her he perforce must share her imprisonment, and the pleasure he gives to all with whom he comes in contact has a chastening element to it. When President R. C. McKenty proposed making the baby in the 2nd Block a member, this question was asked by the Secretary:

“What’s his number?”

“Give him a number,’’ replied Rube.

“Jimmie Double-O," said the Secretary.

“Good,” said Rube.

Then Jlmmle Double-O was proposed for membership, and duly elected. Now he has a white delegate’s cap, his little go-cart has H. F. C. stenciled on the back, and he virtually is a ward of the Club.

What a fine healthy boy he is. One year old on Wednesday, and he can walk and has a wee sma' "toofins," if you please. “Happy’’ is his maid-man, and whenever he goes forth a delighted crowd is sure to gather to touch his little hand, or the two tiny dimples on either cheek.

There have been times when men have stood looking with open-mouthed wonder at this beautiful piece of God’s handiwork, and one chap was heard to say, “Gee! Who ever heard of a ‘kid’ in a can before?” Not is expressive of what he meant.

Ask his adopted godfather Warden Robert J. McKenty, or the “Little Father,’’ Rube, or Chaplain Welch, or Deputy Einckler or Captain Souders, or the different matrons, or Bob Myers, or Harry Myers; but why ask ’em all? You have fourteen hundred “cons’’ to ask, and as many outside visitors. Just take it for granted that every one loves Jimmie Double-O and wishes him three score and ten more birthdays.

 —B 7542.