---
author: B-7542
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '2902'
image: umpire_1917_129.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' croquet'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The boys of the blocks and galleries whose turn it was to be out were a bit disappointed when it was learned that, owing to the absence of our President, the usual weekly half holiday would be called off; but most of us consoled ourselves with the thought that it might be worse, for Rube might go to the war; and then where would we be? Of course we would like to see Germany beaten, but I’m afraid we have not yet attained to such heights of self-sacrifice as to be willing to give up our Saturday outing to further that end. But we’ll hope for the best, as usual. It was a nice afternoon to sleep anyway, and that was the silver lining to the cloud for most of us.

At the regular monthly meeting of the officers and delegates of the Club on Tuesday afternoon business was cut to the bone, owing to the intense heat. The Oldest Inhabitant was heard to remark, ‘‘That it beat anything in his experience,’’ which as we all know is a long one.

The reports of the Board of Governors and the Representative Delegates were read and approved, new applications for membership favorably acted upon, and a letter from Mr. Harry L. Jenkins, thanking the Club for his election as an honorary member, read and noted.

The appointment of B 8762 as a member of the Board of Governors as successor to B 6252, released, was announced, and search was made for the gentleman with the intention of introducing him to the delegate body; but perhaps, owing to his innate modesty, the Sergeant-at-Arms was unable to locate him, and at last reports he was still in hiding; but we hope to have the pleasure of meeting him next week.

The croquet ground is filled daily with happy warriors, both young and old, while Pete is often to be seen looking on, wearing the smile that won’t come off, happy in seeing others happy; in fact he has been known to take a hand, although we would rather not chronicle the result. It is a godsend to those of our older members, who hitherto, lacking both occupation and pastime, were condemned to a soul- destroying idleness. Instead of sitting idly in their cells dreaming of the future, most of us don’t care to think of the days gone by, their chief interest now, is when will we be out to play again? It is only one more of the Club’s many good works. The First Section have the call for next Saturday, 12, 12-1,12-2,11,10,1, 9, 8, 6, 6-G.