---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '2903'
image: umpire_1917_129.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- prison
- ' enlistment'
- ' editorial'
title: Prisoners Make Good at the Front
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

PRISONERS MAKE GOOD AT THE FRONT

A question of vital import to every man of military eligibility who is confined in prison in this country is aptly and authoritatively answered with official figures taken from the British Army and Navy records, and quoted in the Literary Digest, in its issue of July 28.

These official figures so effectively explode all the old stock arguments hitherto advanced against permitting prisoners to serve in the ranks that, it seems reasonable to believe the Government will adopt the same prac- tise in this country, and it may not be long before many of us will find ourselves ‘‘somewhere in France.” The article in question says:

“The increase in juvenile crime, or what appears to be a tendency thereto in warring countries, has in some instances its offset in the improvement of adult misdoers. noticed in England, where inmates of prisons have been drafted into the Army with surprising results. The idea of utilizing these restrained citizens for service at the Front encountered objection when it was first broached, says Mr. Edwin Pugh, the well-known English novelist, writing in the London Daily Masl. Against the argument that allowing them to fight for their king and country would be giving them a chance to redeem their past and regain their self-respect, it was urged that soldiers of the new Army would, most strongly and quite reasonably object to having to consort with criminals. So the idea was apparently dropped. But a little while ago it was officially announced that over 7000 out of 15,000 convicts and other minor misdemeanants had been permitted to volunteer for active service, and that the vast majority of them had made good.”

That is very comforting indeed to us who are anxious for the same chance. Observe that 7000 out of 15,000 were found fit to serve in the ranks. That is a much higher percentage than applicants for enlistment outside of prisons can show. But the really good part is this:

A careful record of these ne’er-do-wells presents both a dark and bright side:

"To take the darker side first: 530 were killed in action, 49 died of wounds, 13 died of sickness, and 1530 were more or less seriously wounded. From this it will be seen that more than half of them gave their lives or suffered some grievous hurt in their coun- try’s cause.”

"Now to take the brighter side of the record: 20 were mentioned in dispatches, 25 received the Distinguished Conduct Medal, 8 were given commissions, and 3 received the Victoria Cross.”

And here is the amazing part. The part that should make every one of our hearts glow with pride for those whom we hope have blazed the way for us: 

“Deducting from this list those who were injured or otherwise incapacitated, we find that between 2 and 3 per cent. of these lads achieved some high distinction—a truly marvelous result, unexcelled, if not unparalleled, by the record of any other regiment engaged in the war.”

When you stop to think how many regiments England has engaged in this war, and that some of them are composed of the cream of the whole Army, the picked men from tens of thousands, and that none of them can show such a record of valor and trustworthiness as these so-called outcasts,—why it just disposes of the arguments against the advisability of enlisting prisoners at one fell swoop. Sweeps them aside.

It seems to the writer good sense, in the light of these astounding figures, for the authorities to give us the chance now, and not wait until tens of thousands of our young men have laid down their lives. Let us be the first. We have sinned, say we, let us expiate our transgressions so far as we may by serving as defenders of our country.

There are many men of the shifty-eyed type in prison. There are many more in prison who have the look of eagles in their eyes. The old idea that prisoners are a class apart from humanity has been discarded along with a host of other myths. One of the good men that went down on the Lusitania, Elbert Hubbard, in speaking of the men who are in prison said: “If you wish to know the kind of men that are in our prisons observe the first dozen men you meet on the street.” And you need not hunt out any particular locality before you start to do your ‘‘observing.”

A dozen regiments could be raised from men in prisons in this eountry today. If the others who are serving the flag did not wish to associate with them, they could be kept apart. More than likely that would be more desired by the men coming from the prisons than by any one else. They would be more contented to work out their salvation among themselves than by being thrust among those who do not care for their company.

History tells us that the prisoners who were enlisted during the Civil War distinguished themselves in almost every instance. There is every incentive for a man thus situated to do his utmost to recoup himself in the esteem of his fellow-man. There is no doubt that,if the prisoners in our American prisons are given a chance to enlist, they will distinguish themselves the same as their English brothers.