---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '2906'
image: umpire_1917_130.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- war
- ' prison'
- ' enlistment'
- ' waste'
title: War and Crime
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WAR AND CRIME

Our attention has been called to the statement of a well-known writer on war topics who avers that the annual report of the Prison Commissioners for England and Wales shows a very large decrease in the prison population. 114,283 prisoners under sentence, but in 1915-16 the number fell to 64,160. Undoubtedly this was because the British Army has ab- sorbed a large proportion of the ecriminal population. Serious crime, indeed, was never so infrequent as at present. This would seem to indicate that where men branded by the laws of society as criminals are given a fair chance to show their better side and “make good,’’ they have quickly responded in a way that counts at the time of greatest need.

The writer goes on to say that one of the most notable effects of the present war, on the prison population, has been that the receptions are now for the most part confined to the physically and mentally weak. The percentage of strong, able-bodied men is comparatively small.

In a further detail it is shown that throughout the year the manufacture of war stores has been conducted in prisons with unabated vigor. The number of inmates engaged on war work averaged 5000 per day. In spite of the rapid and unprecedented fall in the prison population, the output of work was maintained by an extension of the hours of labor, by various emergency regulations calculated to increase the individual output and by the keen desire of the prisoners to do their utmost.

Does not this prove most conclusively that the economic waste of the services of many able-bodied men now confined in idleness in the various prisons in this country, is one of the most glaring inconsistencies of an age where efficiency and economy are said to be the watchwords?

With the losses of a great war soon to be brought home to us, how long will it be before the American people are made to realize their apparent lack of perception in not utilizing the material which is now looked upon as waste?