---
author: Unknown
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '2907'
image: umpire_1917_130.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- prison reform
title: Not By Preaching Alone
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

NOT BY PREACHING ALONE

In an excellent article that appeared in a recent issue of the C. S. Monitor, a writer makes mention of the first steps that were taken to mitigate the horrors of theold-time system of prison discipline, and how it came into existence in the famous Walnut street jail in Philadelphia, ‘‘in the course of an attempt, made by the Quakers of Pennsylvania, to overcome the horrors of the herding together of prisoners, by the introduction of the separate cell,” etc.

The writer goes on to say that while this in turn came to be defined as the greatest crime of the Eighteenth Century, owing to abuses perpetrated on helpless prisoners by brutal guards, such horrors were directly the cause of bringing the system into disrepute,and has led the way for all the changes, experiments, and innovations of more recent years. With those which have been tried and found wanting, it is not our intention to deal at length, but to call attention to the fact that the time has come when it is no longer safe for any country to indulge in dividing its population into two nations. More than half a century ago, Disraeli, in a famous novel, showed the danger to England of two nations separated by a gulf which could be crossed only on a bridge of gold. But more dangerous, today, is the contrast in every country between the dwellers in the fields and cities of respectability, and those in the underworld of habitual criminality. In the old times the very brutality of the world consecrated the repression of the criminal. The conscience of humanity is rebelling more and more against this every day. It is beginning to demand that such evils should be met, as they can be met, by a scientific demonstration of Christianity. Not by the preaching of sermons, but by the healing of disease, for the underworld of criminality is a diseased condition, and a far truer fact, in the relative existence of things, than ever was the underworld of the Sagas of the Celtic romances. There are people in prison, in prison largely through their own ignorance, their own unrestrained passions, and their own fears. They can be rescued Jrom this condition, but it will not be by preaching alone. Eighteen centuries of preaching have left the underworld fully inhabited. What is wanting is the demonstration to its inhabitants of their ability to throw off these fetters; and this can be done only by those who can show them the true meaning of that passage in the Gospel, which has been quoted for centuries until it has been almost reduced to meaninglessness, "I was in prison, and ye came unto me.”