---
author: Bruce, H. Addington
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '2909'
image: umpire_1917_130.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- racism
- ' prejudice'
- ' opinion'
title: Mental Slavery
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MENTAL SLAVERY

There is slavery of the mind as well as slavery of the body. The latter form of slavery has been almost completely abolished from the civilized world. But mental slavery still is much in evidence.

Everybody is a mental slave who allows him- self to be dominated in his thinking and his conduct by unreasoning prejudices. If he is blindly bitter against fellow-men—as in matters of race, religion or politics—he is not a free man but a slave.

There are some things which arouse justifiably bitter feelings. There are some prejudices, grounded in intuitive moral standards, which all right-thinking men ought to have.

Every man ought to feel prejudiced, intensely prejudiced, against those guilty of broken faith, ruthless cruelty, malicious and wanton destruction of life or property. Against wickedness of every kind thereis indeed reason for prejudice.

But to treat disdainfully another human being simply because he happens to belong to a particular race or religious denomination or political party is evidence not of right thinking, but of wrong thinking—perhaps I should, say of non-thinking.

We all of us know people who thus behave. Do we, by any sad chance, thus behave ourselves?

It is a question that every one of us ought to put to himself. And the best way to get a decisive and honest answer to it is to analyze our attitude toward persons whom we are ready to admit that we dislike.

Do we have any really valid reasons for disliking them? Or, if closely examined, is our hostile attitude determined solely by some such thing as the race to which they belong: the religious faith they hold, or the political party with which they are affiliated?

If this is the only ground we have for disliking them, are we behaving sensibly?

Are we behaving like men free to think for themselves and actually thinking for themselves?

Still more:

Are not our blind prejudices harmful to our own interests and to the best interests of our country?

The persons whom we unreasonably dislike may be talented, thoughtful, truly worthy people, whom it would profit us to know intimately. We might learn from them much that would help us to grow in wisdom and usefulness.

Our unreasoning prejudices, indeed, may go far toward accounting for the fact that we are perhaps finding it somewhat difficult to make a success of life.

Certainly there are many men to whom, estimated merely on a bread-and-butter basis, unreasoning prejudices are costly.

Blind prejudices, to be sure, are hard things to get rid of. Yet, once they are recognized as present, earnest effort to get rid of them should be made.

To uproot them it will be necessary to drill ourselves, as we have never drilled before, in independent thinking.

We must become accustomed to reason for ourselves about all things of importance, to think them out slowly, carefully, logically.

—H. Addington Bruce.