---
author: B-8266
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '2918'
image: umpire_1917_132.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- poetry
title: H.F.C.
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

H.F.C. 

Hope, that the best of your life is yet before you; 
Faith, that the world is not against you, but for you; 
Charity for all, though doubly they bore you. 
Honor, and what does it mean to you?
A watchword, a star, a flame that burns steadily, 
Or a rope made of sand that is broken so readily? 
A tower, and a sword in the hour of disaster, 
Or a voice in your ear that makes you run faster. 
A breath and a bubble 
That only fools cherish; 
Or a treasure worth double 
The gold that must perish. 
The Grail hidden deep in the heart of each one of us, 
To be guarded and kept, and passed on to the sons of us; 
Or a something that doesn’t apply to the run of us. 
Honor, and what has it been to you? 
Friendship,and whathaveyoudone withit? 
A scowl, and a growl for the friend that you’re meeting; 
Or a gay, cheerful word and a smile for a greeting? 
And when he’s gone by, is he still a good fellow? 
Or is it like this, “Sure, I know that he’s yellow?” 
When he’s on the down grade, 
Do you stand by unheeding? 
Or give him the aid 
He’s expecting and needing?
Should his burden be great, are you trying to lighten it?
Should his future be dark, are you trying to brighten it? 
Or did you forge his chain, and still trying to tighten it? 
Friendship,and whom have you won withit?
Honor, the glory of life, and the soul of it!
Friendship, the story of life, and the goal of it! 
Honor and Friendship—and there you’ve the whole of it! 

— B 8266.