---
author: B-7542
day: '8'
editor: B-7413
id: '2919'
image: umpire_1917_132.jpg
issue: '31'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- obituary
- ' Honor Club'
- ' funeral'
title: Requiescat in Pace.
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

REQUIESCAT IN PACE.

A solemn duty of paying tribute to a deceased member, fell to the Club delegates on Wednesday, when the body of John Pioiski (B 7992) was taken to its last resting place in the Club’s burial lot in Blockley Baptist Cemetery.

Mr. Bradley, the official Club undertaker, notified Vice-President (A 8432),who in turn had the full Board of Delegates assemble at the prison mortuary, and file on either side of the hearse containing the body.

Then, with cornet and drum playing the ‘‘Dead March from Saul,’’ the Vice-Pres- ident and Secretary, leading the procession, the solemn march was taken to the gate.

The hearse then passed through the files of delegates, who stood, caps in hand, and heads bowed, while the earthly remains passed through the big gates, the cornet sounding “Taps’’ as the hearse disappeared. There, reforming, the delegates marched to the hall, where proper ceremonials and a prayer for the dead was read.

The ceremony occuring at the early afternoon hour, there were many visitors present who were interested spectators. They observed, with some astonishment, what they were pleased to term a prisoner funeral.

Each delegate was impressed with the solemnity of the occasion and the fact that this, our member, had died far from home and friends, with none to mourn him, except those who, like him,were prisoners in a world within a world. May the Great Judge, before whom he now presents himself, be lenient with him for his short-comings on earth, is the prayer of the members of tne Honor and Friendship Club. 

—B 7542