---
author: C. S. Monitor
day: '15'
editor: B-7413
id: '2923'
image: umpire_1917_133.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Georgia
- ' prison labor'
- ' '
title: Conditions in Georgia Prison Camps
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

CONDITIONS IN GEORGIA PRISON CAMPS

Prominent among the expert penologists of today is Dr. George W. Kirchwey, Dean of Columbia University, who hasrecently returned from a visit to the prison camps in Georgia, and he gives the following account of his observations to a representative of the C. S. Monzitor, which we are pleased to offer our readers for their perusal.

Our inmate readers are, of course, at liberty to draw their own conclusions as to the relative comparison between conditions in this State and in Georgia, but we venture to opine that Pennsylvania will look good to them after reading the following:

“In Georgia there are no prisonsin the ordinary sense of that term, except for a conparatively small number of men and women who, either because of disabilities or for social reasons, are not put to work on the roads. Every county takes care of its own prisoners. They are not kept in a prison, but are distributed, in gangs varying perhaps from 20 to 150 each, throughout the county in road camps.

“These camps consist of one or more shacks of rude construction, but comfortable enough at this season of the year although they must be most uncomfortable in the winter. The conviets are all employed on road work. Formerly in Georgia, as is still the case in some of the other Southern states, convicts were leased out to private contractors. This resulted in an abominable system of peonage and was abolished by the Georgia Legislature a few years ago.

“The convicts are now worked by the county warden for the benefit of the county and thus of the State at large. The roads built by them are of most excellent quality, and it is estimated that the convicts, most of whom, it must be remembered, are negroes, are a distinct asset to the State. A warden of one of the most populous counties in the State told me that convicts in his charge were worth at least $2.50 a week each to the county. This looks like good business, but it has its dark side, as itis asserted that “it is almost hopeless for a man entitled to parole to receive his discharge during the busy season of road building.

“While engaged in working on the roads, the men are heayily guarded, always being supervised by a keeper armed with a shotgun. With very few exceptions the men wear chains about their legs. In some instances, in the case of men working on roads, I saw that their legs were chained together in such a way as to permita man to do his work, but so as to disable him from running away. At night the men sleep on wooden cots set side by side in a large shack, which is their only refuge from the rain and the weather, and a heavier chain, known as a gang chain, which is attached by a staple to one end of the dormitory, is run down the whole line of cots on one side, through the ankle rings on the prisoners, so that from 80 to 60 men are chained together as well as to the building in which they are supposed to rest. For breaches of discipline, such as at- tempts to escape, convicts are punished by the infiiction of 10 lashes on the bare back, and this may be repeated as often as is necessary to lead the wrongdoer to see the error of his ways.

“The hours of labor seem to me to be exceedingly long. At this season of the year the men are aroused at 3:35 a. m. and with a break of from an hour to two hours at noon they are not returned to camp until dark. I saw a large camp of 130-odd men come in at the close of the day’s work, dragging with their feet the chains that bound them. And I saw them an hour later, after their evening meal, and they looked to me utterly dispirited. It is true that the warden with his energetic personality inspired them to sing for the strangers, and they rendered a few religious hymns sweetly and melodiously; butat no time did they shake off the impression of almost complete discouragement.’’