---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: B-7413
id: '2927'
image: umpire_1917_134.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- kindness
- ' advice'
- ' opinon'
title: Kindness in Little Things
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

KINDNESS IN LITTLE THINGS

It has been truly said that life is not made up of great things, but of little things, in which small obligations given habitually with a smile of kindness count decisively in winning that content of heart and peace of mind “that passeth the understanding.’’

Even the stopping of a single tear often has more sterling worth than the sacrifice of life itself.

Then, too, there is kindness which even the dumb can speak and the deaf can hear and understand.

Who will question that a kind heartis a fountain of gladness, causing everything within its atmosphere to brighten into smiles?

What is more cheering to a man in low spirits than a hearty handshake? And when it is backed with kind looks, kind words and kind acts, it becomes an irresistible force to pro- mote courage when men or women are in dire trouble and are fighting the unseen battles in life’s struggle.

One may recall the wise words of a noted writer and author who said:

"I expect to pass through life but once. If therefore, there be any kindness I can show, or any good thing I can do to any fellow-being, let me do it now, and not defer or neglect it, as I shall not pass this way again.”

It is best to keep in mind that kind words produce their own image on men’s souls; and truly a beautiful image it is. For they soothe and comfort the hearer as perhaps notking else will. And, sad to say, we have not as yet begun to use kind words in nearly the proportion they ought to be used for the welfare of our being.

The high and the low, the rich and the poor, all have the power to create an atmosphere for good or for evil. Each one is bound to create a little circle in which he lives, and it should be created with the thought of uplifting those about him. For one is sure to see that out of the small circle the greatest good may flow.

Every one should have flxed in his mind the thought that out of a little sphere may flow influences that should stimulate a whole community, or a commonwealth.