---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: B-7413
id: '2929'
image: umpire_1917_134.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- New Era
- ' penal press'
- ' prison reform'
- ' mental illness'
title: When Society Errs
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WHEN SOCIETY ERRS

The members of the New Jersey Prison Commission seemed greatly surprised when it was announced by the chief of the State Board of Health, recently, that 80 per cent. of the inmates of the state’s penal institutions were either insane or mentally deficient. One member asserted that if it were true, it was a severe stricture on the state’s judiciary. This was followed in a few days by another statement from the attendant physician of a state penitentiary, that fully 25 per cent. of the inmates under his super- vision were defective or insane.

Now comes another authorative declaration from Paul E. Bowers, M. D., M. S in the New Era, backing up all that has gone before.

Society is being poorly protected when it sends insane and mentally defective individ- uals to penal institutions, and then releases them from custody uncured, merely because their sentence hasexpired. Yet this irrational procedure is being continuously practised by our courts and boards of parole in all states of the Union.

Up to the present time far more attention and consideration have been given to the legal classification of crime and to the various modes of punishment than have been given to the criminal himself.

Probably fifty per cent. of all juridical proceedings are concerned with criminality, and yet our jurists placidly and contentedly continue to study their books instead of men, searching in ponderous and ancient volumes of citations, resurrecting decisions from the legal graveyard of the past; and, with crumbling, moth-eaten and timeworn precedents, they attempt toregulate the anti-social conduct that springs from a disordered mentality. 

If medical examination of prisoners was instituted, as a matter of routine practise in our criminal courts, a very material improvement would follow.

The ordinary insane persons would be separated from the usual class of criminals, and the mentally sick could be given the proper treatment in the proper institutions early in the course of their disease:

The dangerous insane, the morally insane, the sexual perverts and the habitual criminals would be segregated and sent to hospitals for the criminal insane permanently, or until a cure was effected.

Society would be very much better protected than it is now, for mental defectives and habitual criminals would not be released to further prey upon the public.

Paul E. Bowers, M. S., M. D., Medical Superintendent Indiana Hospital for Insane Criminals, in the New Era.