---
author: Kingsley, Charles
day: '15'
editor: B-7413
id: '2932'
image: umpire_1917_135.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- nature
title: A Scene in the Tropics
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

A SCENE IN THE TROPICS

The travelers paddled omward hour after hour, sheltering themselves as best they could under the shadow of the southern bank.

On their right hand the full sunglare lay upon the enormous wall of mimosas, figs and laurels, which formed the northern forest, broken by the slender shafts of bamboo-tufts and decked with a thousand gaudy parasites,

Bank upon bank piledupward to the sky till where its outline cut the blue, flowers and leaves, too lofty to be distinguished by the eye, formed a brokenrainbow of all hues, quivering in the ascending streams of azure mist, until they seemed to melt and mingle with the very heavens.

And as the sun rose higher and higher a great stillness fell upon the forest. The jaguars and the monkeys had hid themselves in the very depths of the woods. The birds’ notes died out one by one; the very butterflies ceased their flitting over the tree tops, and slept with out-spread wings upon the glossy leaves, undistinguishable from the flowers around.

Now and then a humming-bird whirred downward toward the water, hummed for a moment round some pendant flower, and then the deep gem was lost in the deep blackness of the inner wood, among the trunks as huge and dark as the pillars of some Hindoo shrine.

Or a parrot swung and screamed at them from an overhanging bough; ora thirsty mon- key slid lazily down a vine to the surface of the stream, dipped up the water in his tiny hand, and started chattering back, as hiseyes met those of some foul alligator peering upward through the depths below,

In shaded nooks beneath the boughs capibaras, rabbits as large as sheep went paddling round and round, thrusting up their un- wieldly heads among the blooms of the blue water-lilies, while black and purple waterhens ran up and down upon the rafts of floating leaves. The shining snout of a freshwater dolphin rose slowly to the surface;a jet of spray whirred up; a rainbow hung upon it for a moment, and the black snout sank lazily again.

Here and there, too, upon some shallow pebbly shore, scarlet flamingos stood dreaming knee-deep on one leg; crested cranes pranced up and down, admiring their own finery, and ibises and herons dipped their bills under water in search of prey.

— Charles Kingsley.