---
author: Unknown
day: '15'
editor: B-7413
id: '2936'
image: umpire_1917_135.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- The Outlook
- ' war'
- ' information literature'
title: The Art of Camouflage
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE ART OF CAMOUFLAGE

The art of the French Camouflage is the art of screening the movement of position of troops and supplies.

Painting a locomotive and freight car to break up the familiar cutline so that from an airplane it will be difficuit to recognize it for what it is is an instance of the work which the French artists are doing, declares The Outlook.

Another instance is recorded of a French sculptor who constructed a valuable observa- tion post in an open field. It seems that in this field a dead horse had been lying long enough to have become a familiar object to the snipers and the observation officers of the enemy. The French sculptor built a hollow dummy horse, and it was painted to resemble the carcass of the dead animal. During the night time the dummy was taken out into the field and substituted for the dead animal, and an observation officer and a telephone installed within.

French artists have painted canvases covering long stretches of road so that from an airplane the highway appeared unused by traffic. Under these canvases the transport of supplies and munitions has gone unmolested.

Canvases have been strung up across village streets upon which a road in perspective was painted. Behind this screen troops have been moved without observation.