---
author: B-8266
day: '15'
editor: B-7413
id: '2942'
image: umpire_1917_136.jpg
issue: '32'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' library'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the weekly meeting of the Board of Governoyrs of the H. F. C. on August 6, B 7927 in the Chair, the following business was transacted: B 7898 granted aloan of $10.00 to assist him in making application for a pardon; B 5672 to be loaned $5.00 upon his release. Announcement was made that B 8156 had presented an inlaid box to the Club, and that the same has been sold for the sum of $6.00, which has been duly turned into the Club’s treasury. B 8156 is tendered the thanks of the Club for his generous gift.

At the regular meeting of the Board of Delegates on Tuesday, August 7, Vice-Presi- dent A 8432 presiding, B 8760, the new member of the Board of Governors was present, and he was introduced to the delegates by the Vice-President. He was given a rising vote of welcome, responding with a neat speech of thanks. After the purely routine business . had been transacted, a post-card from our

President, who was bravely struggling with the hot wave at Atlantic City, was read, and also a letter from Harry (E 5602) who announced that he was doing finely and suggested that any one needing a job should call around and he’d fix them up; nobody barred, not even the Rabbit.

A special meeting of the Board of Dele- gates was held Thursday, August 9, to elect a Secretary for the the Club; B 7542 removed. Vice-President A 8432 presided, and had a stern eye out for ‘‘repeaters.” There were but two candidates, B 8762 and B 8703, and speech-making was ‘‘taboo.” With B 8266 as judge and B 7664 and 8365 as tellers, the votes were duly cast and counted, the result being a ‘‘landslide’’ for B 8762. He received 29 votes to his opponent’s 4. On motion of B 7664 the election was made unanimous. In a speech of acceptance, B 8762 said that he was profoundly conscious of the honor shown him and hoped to enjoy the support and merit the confidence of all. There was nothing lacking but the red fire.

The members of the First Section enjoyed their delayed outing Saturday afternoon to the delight of all concerned, as the day was an ideal one to be out. Qur President was again absent, and the Warden, appearing upon the scene, announced that he, also, was going away, thus leaving us to our own devices. He stated that he was putting it frankly up to us; that if our behavior on the present occasion justified him, in the future, neither his own nor our President’s absence would prevent the Club from having its weekly half-holiday; he was willing to be “shown.” His words were enthusiastically received, and every man present at once re- solved to do his best in ‘‘showing’’ him, while Pete passed the word around that the Club expected every man to do his duty. That every one did his ‘‘bit” was abundantly shown by the fact that the afternoon passed without the least trouble or disorder. Let every one bear in mind the fact that the Club can only hope to retain the privileges granted it by using the utmost care not to abuse them, and act accordingly.

A feature of the parade was the flag of Old Erin, which waved proudly in the van, flanked on either side by “Old Glory,” and Handsome (?) Harry, B 5757, to whose exertions its purchase was due—it cost the handsome sum of $25.00, and is worth every cent of it—was its proud bearer, and he says he doesn’t begrudge a drop of the sweat the double journey around the yard cost him. When the band started to play “Tipperary” it needed all the weight of the banner to hold him down. Dan, our versatile clown, had with him as Assistant Rear-Guard, Al, better known locally as the ‘‘Big Fellow,” and their antics caused much amusement. It is already rumored that the two contemplate going on the stage at the close of their engagement here.

The 1st Block carried off marching honors of the day with perfect ease. If the other blocks and galleries expect to have even a “look-in’’ with the 1st Infantry they had better get out and get a little moonlight practise. Mr. Long with a party of friends viewed the parade from a vantage-point at the end of the 6th Block, and had nothing but praise for the marchers. Mr. Dipple spent the greater portion of the afternoon with us just chock-full of smiles and encouragement.

Under Professor Wiegandt’s always efficient leadership, the band enlivened the afternoon for us with some good music, a spirited rendition of ‘‘Tipperary, in particuiar, arousing much enthusiasm; and there is no doubt whatever that the Professor and his band would make good as a recruiting agency. During a recess in the music the Colored Quartette, composed of B 7553, 8354, 8350 and 8524, sang ‘‘I Had a Dream.’’ It must have been a pleasant one, judging by the way they carrolled it. While they were resting their throats preparatory to another effort, ‘‘Paddy’’ (B 7545) standing before the Irish flag and wearing an appropriate green tie, favored us with a couple of his inimitable “talks.” There remains but the ball games to be chronicled. These were, as usual, hotly contested.

In the initial clash between the 1st Block’s First Team and the Buglers, the latter exhibited an almost German efficiency, smothering their oppounents by a scandalous score, which we hesitate to publish. But the 1st Block retrieved its lost honor in the second engagement, when its Second Team, after a terrific battle, succeeded in gaining the decision over the All-Stars, 3 to 2. Then the bugle blew for ‘‘tea,” and every one went home rejoicing, with appetites sharpened by fresh air and exercise.

Any communications that the delegates may have for the Vice-President or Secretary, they will please turn over to the representative delegates (B 7664 and B 7362) in the morning when they make their calls on the blocks and galleries, who, will, in turn, present them to the Vice-President or Secretary.

Delegates will also receive their application cards from the representative delegates, who will then collect them after being properly filled out.

Any member desiring to become a sub- scriber in the Club Magazine Circulating Library will please notify the delegate on the block, and he, in turn, will have the Librarians (B 7364, 11th Block, or B 8334 7th Gallery) call to see you. You will then have the privilege of reading the best magazines published, at the minimum cost of two cents a day for one magazine.

Next Saturday, August 18th, the 2nd Section will go out as follows: 7 B, 7 G, 4 B, 3 B, 5 B, 5 G, 4G.

B 8762, Secretary. By B 8266.