---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: B-7413
id: '2945'
image: umpire_1917_137.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- prison reform
- ' editorial'
title: To Secure Lasting Results in Prison Work
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

TO SECURE LASTING RESULTS IN PRISON WORK

Having an experience of nearly eighteen years as judge on the bench, we feel that Judge Ben B. Lindsey, of Denver, Col., needs no introduction to our readers. He is a strenuous advocate of using what might be called the finer or diviner forces in handling the erring, and his views on the subject, as recently expressed to a representative of the C. S. Monitor, are in part, as follows:

“When we want men to handle machines of brass and iron or to paint canvas, or evoke melody from the harp, we call for the skilled. We look for artists there. But who ever asked for the human artist? We are beginning to—yes. But how long delayed—how long the struggle. We ought to have schools, or courses in schools, for the training of men to understand and handle men, to get the best out of them, instead of the worst. There is the Godlike and the beastlike in every man. I saw it in war-cursed Europe just as I saw it in the prisons. The lessons, in human experiences, are the same everywhere. There are two forces in the world, violence and love. They produce their kind.

“There are two kinds of restraint in the world. One is the restraint that is self-imposed, that comes through the human heart, from within, in response to light and truth. It strenghtens men to stand up in the face of temptations and do right because it is right, because they want to. The other is the artificial restraint. It comes through chains and stripes and iron bars from without, where violence rules and men do right because they have to. In our imperfections it is necessary in some form to apply the artificial restraints, but not with those methods of violence which the State used in the past. Some think there should be exceptions, but the great rule is to help and not hurt, uplift not degrade, love not hate.

“Now the changes in our prison system in the last decade especially have proved that a sane and sensible method based on the right side of these fundamental ideas not only works, but it is a far better remedy than the old methods, not only to safeguard and protect society from the ravages of the weak but also to redeem the unfortunates themselves.

“There is an intolerant conventionalism that never thinks of the failure of jails. But oh, how sensitive it is to criticize a seeming failure of a new system,or old truth newly applied. Love without justice may be senti- ment and weakness, but there is no justice without love. And that is what we are trying to put into the law. It hasn’t been done without a struggle. There is much yet to do.

“Where over 75 out of every hundred boys brought to jail returned to jail within five years, generally a worse marauder and society a worse victim, under the old system of violence, now over 90 out of a hundred turn out well.

“And it was even so in a very large measure with my friend Thomas Tynan, the warden of Colorado’s penitentiary. He began nearly 10 years ago to use the same methods with men. His work in the road camps is a classic of what can be done with men without the old forces of violence. He came in to tell me that in a road camp of convicts where not even a firearm was permitted, they had to get a gun. Almost alarmed, I asked him why. "Well,” he said, "the natives along the road got to robbing the convicts and we had to get a gun to keep them off."

“I think there should be expert examiners or ‘understanders’ of so-called criminals in every court. No man, woman or child should be sent to a place of artificialrestraint unless his mental and physical status shall be fully understood by the warden. What we call the feeble-minded, the perverted, need special treatment. But we must have better means of separating them, of understanding them.

“One thing is most evident. That is, that no power on earth can stop the progress of the world in its better understanding of men and those forces by which men are most successfully ruled. Nowhere is it showing up better than in the prisons. The lesson will hold good as to dealing with people everywhere. The warring nations themselves as they see how the brutalities of violence in war bring out the bestiality in men will, in these lessons from prison reform find something to follow when the forces of violence against violence will have spent their strength and the still small voice that yet survives brings back to earth the higher force of love.’’