---
author: B-8266
day: '22'
editor: B-7413
id: '2947'
image: umpire_1917_137.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The regular weekly meetings of the Board of Governors and the Board of Delegates were held on Monday and Tuesday respectively, of last.week, but there was little but routine business transacted. In the last del- egate’s meeting the attention of the Chairman (A 8432) was called to the fact that the bulletin service had fallen lately into what the late President Cleveland aptly described as ‘‘a state of inmocuous desuetude.’’ Pete said he would look into the matter, and he did so, with the result that our able and chivalrous treasurer (B 7983) has volunteered to see that bulletins giving the pulse of the world are posted daily. So let’s hope that in the future there will be more facts and fewer rumors going the rounds.

The outing of the 2nd Section on Saturday afternoon was an unqualified success. The day was an ideal one for such an outing, and although we didn’t get very far, it was far enough to thoroughly enjoy ourselves. The air was like wine, with a pleasantly warm sun to put a taug in it, while Professor Wiegandt’s well and favorably known band added the final bead to it; and we all stood or sat around drinking it in, both air and music, with delight. It was a red-letter afternoon.

It was just the kind of day to make Pete feel like marching, and he was restrained with difficulty from making a third trip around, but as certain of our leaders were beginning to show signs of distress, he generously consented to stop. We must award the palm to the 7th Block as being the best marchers of the day, bit we regret to say it can only be a second-class one, as the 2nd Section still lag far behind the 1st as contenders for marching honors. The look of the column at times on Saturday afternoon would have made a drill sergeant quit and go home. Some were strolling along as though they were looking for daisies, others lagging as though they were on the way to execution and in no particular hurry to get there. You must straighten up, boys, and keep a sharper eye on your alignment. A few men out of place can make the whole thing look like a “movie” mob. There’s still time this summer to tighten up and beat the 1st Section; so why not try it?

Dan and Al, the Klub Komedians, were very much on the job. Dan’s costume was probably intended to represent an American ‘‘Sammee’’ and his Teuton prisoner; while Al seemed a cross between a bellboy and a page from the Court Circular. He caused the spectators much distress from their fear that he would break through his costume at some vital point.

The ball game kept the usual crowd of fans interested during the afternoon. Not being a devotee of the sport, we are unable to enterinto the fine points of the game, but judging from the noise with the yells of “robber’’ and ‘‘take him out’’ that went up at frequent intervals we can easily judge that both spectators and participants thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The scores? What’s a score anyway between friends? suffice it; that in the collision between the Garage Stars and the 4th Block Stars, the latter were almost totally eclipsed. Not wishing to “rub it in’’ we will refrain from- publishing to a ribald world the score by which they were beaten; it was a nice mouth filling figure. But the 4th Block, stung by its defeat, sent in a second team, and after a hard fought battle with the 5th Gallery, left their adversaries feeling very subdued, with a 9 to 6 score hung on them. Which proves that anybody can ‘‘come back’’ if they try hard enough. 

Some absent-minded person or persons—we prefer to think them only absent-minded— eloped with a couple of the Club mitts. These “absent-minded beggars’’ would do well to remember that others besides themselves like to play ball, and that the Club can not afford to be constantly buying gloves and mitts. So try to be more careful. We would advise their return at once, with as good an excuse as possible.

Both the Warden and our President expressed pleasure at the perfect order maintained on the previous Saturday when both were absent; and both stated that we need have no fear of any Saturdays being skipped in the future by reason of their being absent,

if we continue to live up to so fine a precedent. Which we are sure will be done, since it would be a very poor grade of man, indeed, who would through his selfishness deprive his fellows of their privileges. And we hope the Club harbors no such persons.

The 1st Section goes out next Saturday, August 25th, as follows: 11-10-1-9-8-6 B, 6 G, 12 B, 12-1,12-2 G. 

— B 8266.