---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: B-7413
id: '2950'
image: umpire_1917_138.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
- ' editorial'
title: Man's Value Greater Than Silver
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MAN'S VALUE GREATER THAN SILVER

Man has been likened to a piece of silver; he may be of some value to those with whom he comes in contact by his example and influence, and by the services he may render unto others, making himself valuable to all those with whom he is related.

The value of a man lies in what he is worth to those with whom he comes in constant touch. For instance: How much are you worth to your wife and children? how much to your friends and neighbors, and those with whom you have business relations? And the same with your community, state and county.

Again: How much does your presence mean to those who need your help? Think a moment, then ask yourself the question as to ycur value. Perhaps you are like the lost coin of Bible lore; that you have lost your fellowship with man because you have not rendered the valuable service to others that you were in position to render, and did not.

If we recall the story of the lost coin, it will be remembered that it was down and out of service, lying in the dirt; but its owner felt that it was too valuable to remain in disuse, so she sought to recover it from the dust heap.

What a great blessing it would be if all could feel that way about the man who is down and out, so to speak, for he is too valuable to God and to his brethren to be left in the rubbish heap. For in that state he is not fulfilling the law of service, and he is worse than wasted if he is not making himself of value to those around him.

How many men forget all that, and throw themselves away! adding their treasure, their love, their strength, with which they could enrich the lives of all those about them!

Oh! for the power to awaken the common strength that lies within us; for every one is to some extent like the lost coin; we need some one to find us, in the sense of our seeing our value and making others see it as well as ourselves.

What a great joy will come to the one who is able to light the candle of love, that it may show forth the value of men who seem valueless! Their reward will be greater than many precious jewels and much fine gold. For we can not afford to have them going to waste—to waste themselves—for they are indeed too valuable to be lost in the dust heap of sin and ignorance.