---
author: Unknown
day: '22'
editor: B-7413
id: '2951'
image: umpire_1917_138.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- penal press
title: A Prison Press Review
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

A PRISON PRESS REVIEW

The Civic Herald, published at Norwood, Mass., following the excellent example set by The Outlook and the Literary Digest, has given several columns of the July issue to an article reviewing the prison press and its literature. The writer is of the opinion that the periodicals edited and the articles written by the inmates of penal institutions clearly ‘‘show that prisoners are not totally bad.’’ Which would indicate that the reviewer had but recently found out the truth of his statement.

The writer goes on to say that “in the inner being of many a so-called criminal, there are strong yearnings for rightful understanding —rightful relations with their brethren of the outer world, and an earnest search for truth.

All of which is well said and true. The writer avers that no fair-minded man ‘‘can read these human publications without saying, ‘Give them a fair chance to come back,” or in other words to rehabilitate themselves in the eyes of the world.

“Of the twenty-five thousand publications issued in this country every year, few are as unique and interesting as the magazines published by the inmates of our penal institutions. Printed on good stock, wyitten in excellent English, ably edited and attractively made up, these typographical spokesmen of the little worlds behind the granite walls are distinet contributions to our contemporary field of journalism.

"It was not so very long ago, that the prisoner was regarded as a permanent outcast by society. It was society that cast him behind barred windows, dressed him in striped clothing and ostracised him from the rest of the world with an inexorable revenge that persisted long after the sentence had expired and still persists in some communities. But time is changing all this for the better.

‘‘A single glance at any of the prison papers softens the heart of the most severe judge of the convict. In its columns we find articles, short stories, bits of verse, chips of philosophy, and editorials that bespeak the innermost feelings of the writers. Placed behind the prison walls because of a break in fairness with the world, deprived of the brightness of liberty, labelled with a stigma so often impossible of erasure, these men write from the depths of their hearts. Their expressions are those that come of adversity —cries of souls that seem to shout, ‘we are men, we’ve done wrong, we’re paying the penalty with shame and ostracism, but—we are men, and want to take our place beside men again.’

“The lump that comes to one’s throat after reading some of the splendid articles of appeal for a higher, a purer life, is sure to bring out full compassion for the man who is imbued with a sincere desire to live down his past—to live a new life. The prison press has achieved one thing if nothing more: it has taught the world that granite and iron bars do not ossify the finer stuff in man. In the inner being of the so-called eriminal there are yearnings for rightful understanding, and earnest searching for the truth. No man can read these human publications without saying, ‘Give them a fair chance to come back.’ ’’