---
author: Bruce, H. Addington
day: '22'
editor: B-7413
id: '2955'
image: umpire_1917_139.jpg
issue: '33'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' service'
- ' editorial'
title: The Law of Service
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE LAW OF SERVICE

I would remind you:

There are certain fundamental laws of life that can not be disregarded with impunity. One of these is the law of service.

Human beings, considered individually, are weak, helpless atoms in the whirling universe. This is self-evident, at least as regards the first years of life. Unless service were then rendered by older human beings the race of man would soon become extinct.

Hence the institution of the family, giving assurance that, until they are old enough to fare forth on their own account, the young will be served and protected by those who have brought them into the world.

But even the assurance of the familyis not of itself sufficient for human welfare and survival. To this end there must be united effort and mutual service by many families.

Consequently there has been a gradually large grouping into clans, tribes, and nationalities. These have prospered and grown strong, not simply by reason of climatic and other favoring material factors, but also in proportion as they have appreciated and acted in accordance with the law of service.

Let the members of a clan, tribe, or nationality ignore this law, let them lead selfishly individual lives, and they at once expose themselves to subjugation by some rival social group. Only in union, only in service for the common good, is lasting strength to be found.

This is something that every one of us should recognize and put into practise at all times. Today its recognition and practical application are of more vital import than ever before.

Today we find ourselves plunged into the greatest war in the history of the world. It is not a war of our seeking. But, for our own safety, and for the sake of justice, right, and the safety of civilization, we have had to take part in it.

To win this war it will not be enough to send out upon the ocean many fighting ships, and to send to the battle-front great armies of fighting men. Service for the winning of the war must be rendered by those who stay at homeno less than those who must go abroad to fight.

There must literally be universal service.

Everybody can do something, everybody must do something, to aid in insuring national safety and success. Today the one great question in everybody’s mind ought to be:

‘‘Just what can I personally do that will best serve my country?’’

There are many, it is to be feared, who have not yet really asked themselves this question.

Some have failed to ask it because they are lacking in true patriotism, and are wholly concerned with thoughts of self—petty, sordid, even ignoble thoughts.

More, though at heart patriotic enough, have not asked this question because they do sense the gravity of the situation.

Taking for granted that all will be. well, they leave to others the duty and responsibility of rendering effective service. This is no way to win the greatest of all wars.

—H. Addington Bruce.