---
author: B-8266
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '2967'
image: umpire_1917_141.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' music'
- ' parade'
- ' baseball'
- ' croquet'
- ' child'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the meeting of the Board of Governors, Monday, August 20th, but little of interest transpired. . The repayment by B 6765 of a loan of $5.00 was announced. Other applications for loans were held over for investigation. It was also decided that applications for loans by those going out on parole, or otherwise, should not be handed in until within ten days of the date of release. Delegates, please take notice. A ruling was made that no one be permitted on the Club grounds on Saturday afternoons, except those from the blocks and galleries whose turn it is to be out that day; and that no extra men be taken out, other than those due to be released during the first half of the following week. Those who are out on Saturday afternoons through agencies other than the H. F. C. must stay on their own side of the fence: we can not be responsible for them. If found on the Club grounds they will be courteously, but firmly, escorted inside; and may find it hard to get out again. Also all persons on the Club grounds must go in when the bugle blows, without exception.

The meeting of the delegates on Tuesday, August 21st, was fully attended. The Treasurer’s report showed a balance of $111.85 in the Treasury, which was very gratifying, and augurs well for the incorruptible integrity of the gentleman holding that responsible position. It was announced by the Chairman, A 8432, that B 8226, delegate for the 6th Block, was leaving on Monday, the 27th inst., and a rising vote of thanks for his services to the Club was given him. He takes with him the Club’s best wishes for his future welfare.

On Tuesday afternoon, the delegates engaged the band on the Garage ball grounds, and under the captaincy of B 8263, with B 5099 as manager and ‘‘twirler,’’ showed their opponents, led by B 8099, that they could at least handle one kind of score the better. Final score 6 to 3 in favor of the delegates.

The 1st Section for their Saturday outing found themselves favored by the weatherman. We "knock wood’’ while we say it, but that gentleman has been very partial to the Club all summer; at any rate, he brought forth his very best brand of weather for the occasion, and everybody went in for ‘‘tea,” voting it the ‘‘End of a Perfect Day.”

The parade, as a function, was a very well attended affair; our President was on hand previous to its starting, and personally swept all would-be slackers into line. No excuses, except a missing leg, or a doctor’s certificate of total disability, being accepted. As a result, the ranks were unusually full, and the stone-pile ‘‘bleachers’’ for once deserted. ‘‘Slackers" will have to have a better excuse than that ‘‘tired feeling’’ to get by in the future. The 1st Block again covered themselves with glory by their fine marching; and by a new ruling will lead the line at the next outing of the 1st Section: the 9th Block, as the second best marchers, going into second place. In the future the blocks, and galleries making the best appearance in line, will be given the place of honor at the head of the parade, when their Section is next out. All members of the Awkward Squads, please note. Also, it has been noted, that many members show a regrettable tendency to begin dropping out of line as soon as the Greenhouse is passed. Certainly, we are all aware that it is a long and weary way from there to the Garage grounds where the parade should properly be disbanded; but we fear we must ask you to attempt it, as the officers and delegates, by themselves make but a thin, and sorry column. Stay in the ranks until the band stops playing, and the order is given to disperse; the few moments delay will make the ensuing rest all the sweeter.

Professor Wiegandt’s well-oiled machine was in the most perfect working order, and the music furnished us in the course of the afternoon was well up to the band’s high standard of excellence. While in every avail- able nook and corner about the yard an impromptu concert with guitar or mandolin was staged, the air about the 12th Block and the stone-pile was a-quiver with melody. We really think that Boston must yield the palm to us as a musical center. Any one doubting this statement is referred to the Professor, who is ready to support it with other than mere words.

The celebrated Afro-American Quartette (B 7553, 8354, 8390, 4258) was again very much in evidence, singing us a couple of ballads during an intermission in the music. B 6517 gave a very realistic exhibition of his skill in balancing small objects, which was much ap- preciated by his audience, though the prevailing breeze prevented his doing full justice to his powers. Then ‘‘Paddy’’ (B 7545) the comedian from the Old Sod, obliged with three of his best selections, featuring the “Irish Race,’’ though we regret that he left his hearers in some doubt as to the winner; but we are betting on the Irish.

Mr. Dipple, whom we are always glad to see, spent a part of the afternoon with us, and he had a cheery word of greeting for all.

The chess and checker enthusiasts foregathered as usual about the 12th Block and waged endless battle during the afternoon. Under the head of Useless Information we will here state that there were undoubtedly more king rows entered during the course of the aftertoon than there are three-story houses in this city of homes.

Of course the afternoon would have been incomplete without the ball games, both of which were bitterly fought and fairly won. The encounter between the Tigers and Black Demons, though not so bloody as one might expect from the title of the contestants, was none the less exciting. The Black Demons didn’t perform very well as Tiger tamers, having a score of 8 to 3 ‘‘scratched’’ up against them. In the remaining game the 1st Block team showed an almost German ruthlessness and efficiency in their manner of marching and countermarching over the quivering forms of the 8th Block Gladiators. We will respect the feelings of the latter block and refrain from publishing the real inside facts of the tragedy; but will merely state that the score was 8 to 1, and let our readers draw their own conclusions.

Our elder members are having the time of their lives playing croquet, and many a spirited contest is staged on that royal battleground at the garage. All the enthusiasm and fire of their youth springs to the surface as soon as they sight that place, so gener- ously and kindly set aside by the Club’s Officers, for their enjoyment. Their apprecia- tion and gratitude to Warden McKenty and Officers of the Club is boundless. And one might take a walk out to that “Old Man’s Playground’’ and who would he find but little “Jimmie Double-O’’ trying his very best, if you please, to see how far he can make a ball roll, some day he might be champion, providing ‘“Woob’’ retires, let’s hope he does, one likes to win a few games once in a while and perhaps retire, but this is impossible so long as “Rube” has a doubt of his superior- ity, and we hope this will never be, for nothing is so exciting as when ‘‘Rube’’ and ‘‘Pete’’ clash in a battle royal for the day’s honors, and these have been divided pretty evenly lately, but for more information see “Pete.”

The Officers of the Club havebeen making observations of the men that seem to play ‘‘every’’ day, either at the crokinole board or on the croquet ground, now boys, give your older comrades a chance, do not crowd them out of their pleasure hours, if it is possible that you have a chance to play think of some other man and give him a chance. Nothing will be said as long as there is no infringement of the rights of our older members, but do not take it for a loafing ground. We would like to see you observe this, for some day you young men will be ‘‘old’’ too, and then how about it, if a man comes along butting in on some highly exciting game, it matters not what, that you are having. You will feel just like your older comrades feel when you crowd them out of their pleasure. Let’s give them a chance, boys.

Next Saturday, September 1st, the 2nd Section will be out as follows: 7 G, 4 B, 3 B, 5 B, 5 G, 4 G, 7 B.

 —B 8266