---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '2971'
image: umpire_1917_142.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- women
- ' opinion'
title: Placing the Blame
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

PLACING THE BLAME

One may read much in the newspapers these days about the dual life of man and its evil consequences. But how about the woman? Is she always the innocent victim of designing man? Not so if the truth is brought to light as in a raid that was made on a fashionable cafe, recently, at a prominent seaside resort clearly shows. Upward of a hundred young women and their escorts were placed under arrest, many well under the influence of liquor. As soon as it was realized that a raid was being made and that the women were caught in the police net, howls of despair and rage rent the air, and tearful appeals were made for release, but to no purpose; the dining and wining had been overdone and the victims were bundled off to the station house in patrol wagons.

It developed that a majority of the young women were of so-called good families and that a number were married, some but recently, which does not flatter the gentler sex, to say the least. If that were not enough to cause the thinker serious misgiv- ing on our present social status, another case of recent occurrence in Brooklyn, N. Y., might be cited to convince the doubter that all is far from right in the social trend of today.

The case in point is that of a young business man while on the way to keep a business engagement, happened to have his attention attracted by a couple just ahead of him who passed into the ‘‘ladies’ entrance’’ of a popular cafe. The young man whose suspicions were aroused, passed around to the main entrance of the cafe, and entering, bought a cigar and a drink and passed to the rear, stopping at the door of a room where a familar voice came floating through. To wrench open the door was the next impulse too strong to resist. And the shock of seeing a supposed faithful wife drinking in the company of a stranger—to him— aroused all his latent fury, with the result that a tragedy followed which was recorded in the daily papers.

What a pitiful showing of modern social conditions! Can it be wondered at that many are gravely wondering as to where it all will end?