---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '2972'
image: umpire_1917_142.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Public Ledger
- ' opinion'
title: Knocking and Kicking
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

KNOCKING AND KICKING

In looking for trouble one never has to turn many corners to meet it, and at any open window one may ventilate a grievance. The habit of finding fault is entirely too common, and it is insidious. It grows by what it feeds on, and one grouch leads to another, says an editorial writer in the Public Ledger.

If you choose a comrade for a camping party or a journey, you choose him as men elect a fellow-member of a club—for the companionable qualities. Nor are these traits by any means the monopoly of the clever or the prominent or the ‘‘successful” people. Some persons make themselves wanted everywhere by the sheer power to sympathize. They are not tiresomely bright. They do not scintillate in epigrams. But they radiate good nature. They do not fuss. They laugh away a trifling accident and they turn a cheery face to each new day.

The grouchy people half the time are not aware of their chronic condition, any more than those who are habitually profane are conscious of the lurid language they dispense so freely.

This is a human world. Its institutions are mortal and fallible. The structure of man’s hands is fragile and constantly falls into disrepair. One can not long leave any part of the universal machine and be sure that on coming back it will be just the same. And therefore let allowances be made. ‘‘Judge not that ye be not judged.” With a sour severity we lay down the law whereby “they’’ should walk. What about ourselves? Are we altogether perfect?

Constructive critics are always necessary. But ten critics to one man who works are about as useful as ninety umpires would be at a ball game. There may be too much of a good thing in a thousand connections in this sublunary sphere.

We may run out of milk or eggs or flour or beef or nitroglycerin: we shall never run out of critics. For the man who thinks he knows is as numerous as the order of the compositee among the flowers of the field. And rarely is he willing to suppress that consciousness and keep it a trade secret. He must proclaim it from the housetops. He must find a hearer. Even a wife beater is disappointed if he does rot draw a crowd.

Let some of the energy devoted to fault-finding be converted into forwarding useful enterprises and getting something done that the world wants done. Let there be instrue- tion and construction. A good teacher—who is a creative teacher—does not snarl. He smiles and hopes and is an optimist. Is his sunny serenity a fool’s paradise? The misanthrope is ever ready to tell him so. But the misanthrope, since his life is on the wrong basis, is left behind in the pilgrimage of life. Those who aspire with a smile are those who arrive.