---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '2974'
image: umpire_1917_142.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- war
title: A Brother Back Home
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

A BROTHER BACK HOME

Heretofore women have had a monopoly of the self-imposed tasks of looking after the welfare of the soldiers and sailors, providing them with necessities and luxuries that Uncle Sam does not deem necessary to the equipment of a man in the ranks, says a writer in the Pitisburgh Sun. Lately the stay-at-home men have been giving thought to the subject of helping the lads at the front or those who may soon be there.

From New Jersey comes the report of the inauguration of a movement to provide the men who are fighting with ‘‘a pal back home.” Thus far it is confined to New Jersey, and the effort is to see that every man who is in service has some one at home to whom he can write, give commissions with some assurance that they will be carried out, who will send local papers to him, see that he is provided with tobacco and other comforts. In fact the idea is to have the man at home do for the man at the front just about what a brother would.

This seems to be a praiseworthy movement, and one that should appeal to men. That there is an opening for some such organization is evident. A man at the front can communicate with a man at home, and do it with much more freedom than would be possible if his correspondent were a strange woman, and up to this time they were the only persons who had considered assisting soldiers in this manner.

Upon the ‘‘pal back home’’ would devolve a sacred duty, and no one should enter upon the activity wichout weighing the seriousness of the obligation. But this very importance imparts to the movement an element of value, and recommends it to the men who will remain at home.