---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '2975'
image: umpire_1917_143.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- invention
- ' information literature'
title: The First Matches
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE FIRST MATCHES

How little does the average man think today when he strikes a match on the parlor paint or on the nice upholstery of a railroad train to light his pipe, cigar or cigarette, that it is less than 100 years since he had to rub two bricks or something together to get the same igniteful result.

As a matter of fact, some of us old-timers can still see grandpap as he stood with a chunk of flint in one hand, a bit of steel in the other and a look of hope on his face trying to start something in the way of smoke.

We can stilt hear what grandpap said, too, when the spzrker didn’t spark, but, perhaps, we had better let that part of it slide.

And dear old grandma down on her knees trying to put life into the kitchen stove with the same tools! How she knocked the tinder. How she blew, but it is greatly to her credit that she didn’t sing the rough stuff that grandpa did.

And then along came John Walker an Englishman, an apothecary, etc., with the first match. What a blessing to tinder-knockers was that same John! Juggling with his drugs one day John dropped a solution that took fire at the first splash. Immediately John dropped some more to make sure that it wasn’t the hard cider, and a short time later the first matches appeared on the mar- ket at a shilling for a box of fifty.

John got so busy making matches at this attractive figure that he hadi’t the time to either get his invention patented or to watch Ike Holden. The result was that Ike soon blew in with a little match factory of his own. Ike was a Reading schoolmaster. Reading, England, of course, not Pennsylvania. He claimed to have made the lucifer discovery at the same time John did. Naturally, matches soon dropped “in price from a shilling for fifty to a penny. That was around about 1827. Now they will give them to you in most every part of the world without even asking you to take an affidavit toread the advertisement on the box.