---
author: Unknown
day: '29'
editor: B-7413
id: '2977'
image: umpire_1917_143.jpg
issue: '34'
layout: item
month: '8'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- The Uplift
- ' marriage'
- ' information literature'
title: A Remarkable Marriage Contest
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

A REMARKABLE MARRIAGE CONTEST

One of the most interesting of marriage contests took place in Italy a short time ago. A wealthy Neapolitan named Tesino offered his name and fortune to the young woman who could best please his palate by her cooking of macaroni. Tesino was good-looking and rich, and there were over 150 entries in the contest. Tesino tasted the dishes of macaroni that were presented to him, and then carefully looked over the contestants. Whether or not he chose entirely by the taste of his favorite dish was never found out, but he led the lucky winner to the altar soon afterwards, declares a writer in The Uplift. 

Some time ago Miss Elizabeth Magie, a young Washington woman, decided, in order to obtain money for voice-culture, to raffle herself as a ‘‘slave for life” at so much a chance. Before the contest was completed, however, a suitor presented himself. Miss Magie had met him during tho contest, but he objected to her carrying out her plan of marrying the lucky winner, and insisted on her returning the money to those who had taken chances. But the result was satisfactory, for Miss Magie got a husband and also the money to cultivate her voice, which was the real object of her raffle.

ALondon tea company once offered a husband to its most successful saleswoman. The offer read, ‘‘The canvasser who sells the most tea during six months will receive, in addition to a prize of $2,500, the privilege of marrying any single male member of this firm. Should he refuse to marry her we will pay her breach of promise damages, $500, extra. The young woman who was successful in the contest looked at the single men in the flrm, grew sarcastic over the limited field offered her to make a choice, and accepted the $500 as breach of promise instead, She then married her real fiance and started a rival tea business immediately afterwards.

A pretty Scots girl, Miss Marie Porter, could not decide which of two lovers she preferred, so allowed them to play a game of archery for her. She married the lucky winner.