---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '2985'
image: umpire_1917_145.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Catholicism
- ' religious services'
title: Golden Anniversary Celebrated by Reverend Michael A. O'Kane
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATED BY REVEREND MICHAEL A. O’KANE

Catholic High Mass was celebrated at the Chapel of this institution on Sunday last; the Rev. John J. Walsh, S. J., was the celebrant.

A special program of classical church music was arranged to grace the occasion, as it marked the fiftieth or gelden anniversary of the Rev. Father Michael A. O’Kane, S. J., in Holy orders. The inmate choir was under the able direction of Professor Joseph Welsh and gave a fine rendition of the sacred music, well worthy of the highest praise.

The selections were: ‘‘Kyrie,” Ro Sewig; “Gloria,” Loesch; Lejeal’s ‘‘Credo;’’ Sanctus,” ‘‘Benedictus,” ‘‘Agnus Dei,” Loesch; “Ave Maria,” Knabe; Communion, ‘‘Jesu Audi Nos;’’ Recessional, "Sio Nomen Domini Benedictum,’’ Cagliero.

At the close of the Recessional, Warden Robt. J. McKenty was presented to Father O’Kane, and after offering his congratulations the Warden took the occasion to exhort the inmates present to follow the teaching of their church in their daily lives. He was followed by Mr. A. A. Boyle, who is a prom- inent and active member of the American Society for Visiting Catholic Prisoners. Mr. Boyle paid tribute to the splendid work of Father O’Kane in his fifty years of ministry to the faithful, dwelling upon his rare personality and sympathetic nature that has en- deared him to his associates and the laity alike. Kind, loving and ever ready to do his utmost to relieve sorrow and trouble where possible, it is not to be wondered at that Father O’Kane is held in the highest esteem by all.

As a fitting final for the occasion, a purse of $100 in gold, subscribed by inmate members of the Church, was presented to Rev. Father O’Kane by B 5845, with a few introductory remarks by Overseer Mahadey. Father O’Kane was visibly affected by the token of high esteem, and, as he remarked, “‘mere words failed to express his deep appreciation for the offering.” His blessing of “God love you,” will live in the memory of all who were present.