---
author: B-8266
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '2989'
image: umpire_1917_145.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' baseball'
- ' music'
- ' racist'
- ' patriotism'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

At the delegate meeting on Tuesday of last week little worthy of remark occurred. A delinquent member was reinstated, with an official warning to ‘‘watch your step’’ in the future. The Treasurer reported the treasury in flourishing condition, with a bal- - ance of $119.85. The Chairman (A 8432) in- troduced B 7978 as the new delegate from the 6th Block, and a ringing vote of confi- dence was tendered him. On motion of B 7579 the Rev. F. T. M. Webster, D. D., was elected an honorary member of the Club and the Secretary instructed to notify him to such effect.

The ball game between the Club Officers and Delegates on Tuesday afternoon was— well, it was magnificent, but not baseball. With a good chorus it would have made a fine comic opera. Most of the Officers turned out to be slackers, Pete openly claiming exemption on age, and B 8099 as Manager- Captain-Pitcher was forced to make up a composite team and do the best he could. ‘‘Blue-eyes’ opened on the mound for the Delegates and had everything on the ball but control. He was more deadly than a German ‘‘Big Bertha.” The writer of these thrilling lines was one of his earliest victims and knows whereof he speaks. Those at the end of the third or fourth inning—we forget which—looked like Madison Square Garden during a six-day walking-match. At the end of the sixth inning, with the score a tie—12 to 12—Nick appeared on the scene, and like Sheridan at Winchester, brought victory, himself bringing in the thirteenth run, which broke the tie and the hearts of the Delegates. The final score was 15 to 12 in the Officers’ favor, who haven’t decided yet whether it was a triumph or a disgrace.

The 2nd Section awoke on Saturday morning to the roar of rain on the roof, and everybody thought, “Well, there’s nothing to it this afternoon but smoking-jacket and strippers, and an easy-chair by the ﬁre; but Pete apparently has some occult influence over the weather man, for at 10:30 he bet the writer that it would clear up by dinner-time, and he won the bet, but he hasn’t yet gotten the cigar. Again in the course of the afternoon a downpour seemed imminent and the band- stand was hurriedly stripped of its decorations, but whether Pete intervened again or no, the threatening cloud passed, and the afternoon as a whole was a pleasant one.

The parade was as usual the feature of the day. Pete must have been thinking of that line of the old ballad, “And twice around went the gallant ship,” for he insisted on a second trip around the instituticn, but the “boys,” stood up to it bravely, and would have gone around a third had he asked it of them. The Committee on Marching unani- mously awarded the prize to the 4th Block marchers, prize to be the place of honor at head of the column on their next time out.

They marched like the old cake walk veterans they doubtless are. Members from the other blocks and galleries comprising the 2nd Section had better do a little practising o’ nights, if they hope to beat them. Dan, the one touch of humor, was again in evidence, after an eclipse of a week, which may have been a vacation, and then again, may not.

The Band, though lacking its ‘‘Master’s voice,’’ or is it gesture?—for Profesor Weigandt, after chaperoning the parade around, left to take part in an outside celebration—did splendidly. B 8099 was right there, with an alert ear for a possible discord, but his vigil, like that of the small boy waiting for the apple-core, was useless, for there was’nt any. An orchestra of st'ing instruments, assisted by what may have been a saxophone, and may also have been something else, made a decided hit, their dreams and serenades quite eapturing the audience. After a spirited rendition of ‘‘Tipperary,’’ the band closed the musical program with the “Star Spangled Banner,” and we wish to state right here that at least a third of those present, and within hearing eternally disgraced themselves by failing to render to the national anthem the respect which is its due. It might as well have been, “We won’t go Home Till Morning’’ for all the attention they paid. Pete’s patriotic soul was stirred, and in no uncertain tones he announced that next time the man remains covered he would learn something to his discomfort. Whether it’s the country of your birth, or the country of your adoption, it’s your countiy, and you owe it the tribute of your respect. You may say it has treated you ill, but you know in your heart that it is not so, that you have been treated exactly as you deserved; that this is truly the Land of Freedom and Opportunity, and you owe your being  this place only to your own folly. Thatin almost every other country of the world an ‘‘ex-con’’ has about as much chance as a watermelon in a negro camp meeting, or a Republican in Texas; while here it is no absolute bar to your future prozress, buton the contrary, a spur to urge ydu on to a greater effort, a handicap that will but make you flght the harder. An American who isn’t proud of being an American is a poor specimen of a man indeed, and the Club wouldn’t miss him very much: while those who aren’t Americans by birth can at least show an outward semblance of respect to the country that has given them hospitality and opportunity beyond their dreams. When next you hear the ‘‘Star Spangled Banner,” take off your cap, and see that your neighbor takes off his also; but don’t knock it off. If he is obdurate, call one of the delegates or just send for Pete, and he will do the rest. If we don’t fight for our country, as so many of us would like to do, we can at least give it fitting honor. Saturday’s ball games were as usual full of interest to the “fans.” In the initial clash between the Garage Stars and the 7th Block, the ‘‘action” was rapid-fire and continuous until the 9th inning, when the Stars succeeded in putting over the winning run, and the 7th Block went home disconsolate, “licked” by one run, the finnl score being 7 to 6. The game between the Red Cross and the Shoe Shop was a calamity—for the Shoe Shop; where they got the idea they could play ball, we don’t know, but they essayed it Saturday afternoon with disastrous re- sults. We candidly advise them to stick to their lasts in the future. The Red Cross showed themselver rather out of place in their present peaceful environment by the quick and thorough beating they administered. They should be ‘‘Somewhere in France’’ stealing German bases. It was all over by the 6th inning, score 9 to 2, which leaves nothing to be said.

With the afternoon activities complete, the bugle blew at 3:45 and everybody went home to supper (?) filled to repletion with good music, exercise, and fresh air, and voting everybody, from the Warden down to the water-boy, “jolly good-fellowship’’ for the part they had played in making the afternoon a success.

Next Saturday, September 8th, 1st Section will be out as follows: 1-9-10-8-6B, 6 G, 12 B, 12-1 12 2 G, 11 B.

—B 8266.