---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '2992'
image: umpire_1917_146.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: As a Man Thinketh
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

AS A MAN THINKETH

It is most certain that when one thinks of hard luck and failure they form a mental image of the same. They constantly remind themselves of the very thing that they are trying to blot out of the memory. And you may depend upon it that as long as one contemplates any mental or moral discrepancy, just so long will he be working under the disadvantage of a handicap. By thinking of destruction, negative things, we are bound to create mental images of defeat and failure.

Not only is that true, but when a man has begun to lose confidence in his power to win, he loses the moral force that leads to success; and at the same time he destroys such confidence as others may have had in him. Some may think that others may not know of their weakness, but the fact remains that others do know.

The truth is that when a man doesnot feel able to cope with a situation, and is mentally depressed, he is below par and lacks the power of purpose essential to win out.

A man may be played out, or worked out, but very few men really get worked out; they usually dance too long on the, great highway of worldly pleasure; then nature steps in and calls a halt for the time being.

If men could be brought to understand this, and that the mind is directly influenced by what they do and by what they think, and that on the attitude of their mind they must rely for mental co-operation and willness to work, a great deal of trouble and sorrow would be prevented.

The world generally accepts a man’s own estimate of himself. What one thinks of himself is transmitted through thought and action to another, and one’s own trend of mind has much to do with the degree of confidence others may place in him.

Perhaps it would be well to remember that the world seems ever ready to help the man going up and to boot the man going down.