---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '2993'
image: umpire_1917_146.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- bible
- ' reading'
- ' bookss'
title: Bibles Now in Great Demand
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

BIBLES NOW IN GREAT DEMAND

We have it from a writer in the Evening Bulletin that never before was there such a demand for Bibles, and the supply is insufficient, in spite of all efforts of the publishers. In some degree this is due to a demand for small Bibles or New Testaments for soldiers, but this only accounts for a little of the shortage. All persons seem to be wanting to read the Scriptures.

This will console those who have felt that the Higher Criticism, the results of scholarly researches in anthropology and archzeology, the apparent growth of infidelity, and the assumed carelessness of people indicated that the nation had become Godless, and had abandoned, or was abandoning, the Bible as the source of truth. Itis true in some respects the Bible occupies a different position now than two generations ago. Nowadays not so much reliance is placed by many good Christians on verbal inerrancy or plenary inspiration. Less is made of special texts as having universal application to all periods of history. On the other hand.there is probably a deeper reverence for the Bible than ever as a source of truth.

All the caustic criticisms of the late Robert Ingersoll on the ‘‘Mistakes of Moses,” etc., have not affected the reverence of people for Scripture. They do not go to the Bible to study geology or zoology, or any other science. They go to it to find the story of God’s relations to mankind.

Those who think the war shows the world Is going straight to religious infidelity are mistaken. For it is when men are in trouble that they call on God and find him.