---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '2994'
image: umpire_1917_146.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Army and Navy Journal
- ' war'
title: Army Ribbons and Their Meaning
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

ARMY RIBBONS AND THEIR MEANING

Many inquiries have been made of the War Department by curiously minded persons, as to the significance of the various insignia worn on the uniforms of officers and enlisted men of the U. S. Army, which has been replied to as follows:

The little strips of parti-colored ribbon worn on the left breast, each of a prescribed length of oneand three-eight inches, are Army service ribbons, each ribbon having its own particular significance. The strips are symbols standing for medals and campaign badges which the bearer is entitled to wear, says the Army and Navy Journal. There are ten of these honors recognized by the Army. Two are medals of honor, one a certificate of merit and the others badges of historic campaigns. Obviously it would be impractical for the possessor to wear his medals and badges on his service uniform, and so he wears the little ribbon symbol instead. The ribbons are as follows:—

Congressional Medal of Honor— White stars on a field of light blue silk. This medal is awarded only by Congress for some particular deed of gallantry in action. It is the most coveted of all Army honors.

Certificate of Merit Badge—Two red white and blue bands separated by a thin band of white, the blue being outermost in each in- stance. This honor is conferred by the President.

Philippines Congressional Medal— Blue band in center flanked by stripes of white, red, white and blue, the blue on the outermost edges of the ribbon. This ribbon is worn by those men who stayed in the service after the conclusion of the Spanish-American war to put down the Philippine insurrection.

Civil War—Campaign ribbon of equal sized bands of blue and gray. 

Indian Wars—Bright red, with narrow edges of deeper red.

Spanish Campaign— Alternating stripes of yellow and blue. This is the most familiar of all campaign ribbons.

Philippine Campaign—Blue band in center, flanked by narrower bands ofred, blue edges.

Cuban Occupation—(time of Spanish war and several years thereafter) —Blue in center, flanked by narrow yellow stripes, then broader red stripes and finally blue borders.

Cuban Pacification (indicating service in Cuba during the period 1906-1909, when the United States straigthened out governmental affairs for the new republic)—Broad olive drab center, flanked by three narrow stripes.