---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '2998'
image: umpire_1917_147.jpg
issue: '35'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: When Dreams Come True
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WHEN DREAMS COME TRUE

There are three famous instances of men promising themselves a luxurious life in the expectation of wealth to come. There is our old friend Alnascher the Babbler, the fifth brother of the barber in ‘‘The Thousand Nights and a Night,” who, rehearsing his arrogant behavior on his wedding night, kicking his bride, the eldest daughter of the Prime Minister, perfect in beauty and rare in accomplishments, smashed his hopes with the tray of glassware. There is Sir Epicure Mammon, with his superb speech in Ben Jonson’s ‘‘Alchemist.” There is Malvalio, dreaming of his future happiness with the Countess Olivia.

But every boy has played at what he would do if he came into a great fortune, says a writer in the Boston Herald. As a rule, his longings were as fautastical as those of the man granted three wishes by some supernat- ural being, a yarn that with ludicrous variations is found in the folk lore of many countries. When “Coal Oil Johnny’’ suddenly became rich he organized a negro minstrel company and each member of it sported a dazzling diamond ring. One boy would have great quantities of tops and marbles; another would have the power to rule the village that he might punish those who had failed to appreciate the humor of his using the sling and buckshot, tearing off pickets from their fences, or stretching stout string across the sidewalk at dusk, or by playing tick-tack, summoning them fruitlessly to the front door. 

In the reign of George II a footman in the service of a young lady of quality, dreamed a dream and hastened to put his savings of twenty years into two lottery tickets. These tickets turned out to be blanks. He was melancholy for a few days and then he killed himself. In his trunk was found this plan of the mannor in which he would spend the prize of £5,000. .

“As soon as I have received the money I will marry Grace Towers; butas she has been cross and coy, I will use her as a servant. Every morning she shall get me a mug of strong beer, with a toast, nutmeg and sugar in it; then I will sleep till 10, after which I will have a large sack posset. My dinner shall be on table by 1, and never without a good pudding. I will have a stock of wine and brandy laid in. About 5 in the afternoon I will have tarts and jellies, and a gallon bowl of punch; at 10, a hot supper of two dishes. If I am in a good humor, and Grace behaves herself, she shall sit down with me. To bed about 12.”