---
author: Unknown
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '3010'
image: umpire_1917_149.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- honor system
- ' prison labor'
- ' movies'
title: A Striking Photoplay "The Honor System"
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

A STRIKING PHOTOPLAY “THE HONOR SYSTEM”

“An intensely human story, gripping in every situation, and splendidly portrayed,’’ comments a local paper on the new photo-play, “The Honor System.”

Following a lengthy review of the new film we are pleased to present a summary of the same in which the writer says that it is a supermasterpiece—a photoplay that has not a dull moment in the forceful and dramatic production of the Fox company. Raoul Walsh, who has so ably directed many other features for the same producer, has never done better work. The cast, too, is evenly balanced, and show by their acting they have entered into the spirit of the play. Too much praise can not be giver Henry Christeen Warnack, the author, for this different kind of story.

“The Honor System,’’ long expected, rings true in every detail. It is the story of the fight for a new prison system which Arizona experienced under the leadership of former Governor Hunt. The author, now a California newspaper man, had to live in that country because of ill-health, and he went through that campaign with all its bitterness. He shows an intimate knowledge of the corrupt political conditions which tried to thwart the passage of prison reform legislation, and with keen subtlety and without preachment or appeal to maudlin sentiment tells a plain story in a simple yet convincing way. By contrast with old prison methods the picture draws upon the heart-strings of the public, and is one that red-blooded men and real women will enjoy.

Remarkably well acted were the scenes of a “Villaistic raid” somewhere near the bor- der. Tense are the moments when a modern motorcycle squad is called to raid a rendezvous of denizens of the underworld in a Western town. And the scenes in the Arizona State Penitentiary are no less graphic. The perspectives and long shots of the gigantic ranges of the Rockies down near the Apache trail are all marvels of scenic beauty.

Marion Siils who plays the lead acceptably; Miriam Cooper, the heroine, and Gladys Brockwell as the adventuress give fine characterizations of their parts. But it remains for Charles Clarey, who essays the difficult role of the villain, as the State’s Attorney, later Senator, and the big, crooked political boss, to carry off the honors of the production. This former star of ‘‘The Spoilers’’ and "The Rosary’’ is at his best as the “heavy,’’ and the big, smashing climax of the production comes when Clarey is himself in a felon’s cell and, meets the man whom he himself falsely convicted, and who now offers to aid in his regeneration through “The Henor System.’’