---
author: Unknown
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '3015'
image: umpire_1917_150.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: The Power Within
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE POWER WITHIN

It is not given to every one to learn the secret of life’s possibilities. But when we do learn the principles of life and apply them to our daily living, we are often surprised at our success, and many things that were previously thought most difficult seem to become easy of accomplishment.

With the newly awakened serse of power we feel that we have come into a knowledge of hidden forces that will enable us to overcome all obstacles and make our lives at once successful and free from worry.

With the new sense of elation we feel anxious to reach that state of mind where we are not disturbed or annoyed by anything; that peace and poise should give reign for all time; but we are liable to forget that we will never get anywhere on ‘‘flowery beds of ease.” We must still strive to do our best, and keep everlastingly at it if we expect to reach the desired end of our dreams.

We are apt to meet with annoying experiences, of course; little ones that seem to check our progress; but that should only serve as an added stimulant to buoy us up against the tide of opposition.

It is the little things that constantly come before us that will try our faith in the newly discovered forces of life, and if we have faith, there need be no fear, no worry. We will have power of accomplishment that will level all the difficulties that may lie before us.

“Every back is fitted to its burden,’’ it is said. But it would be well to put it so that every one might learn that the experience needed for its proper adjustment is only to be heard through the power of faith. Then if we have ‘‘faith as a grain of mustard seed,’” we need have no doubts about the future and our strengih to overcome the trying experiences that are bound to come into our lives.

So let us cultivate faith—faith in God’s power to give us strength of will to resist and to overcome. We can not have too much faith. Its all-abiding force will obliterate doubt, worry and fear, and we can truly say that ‘‘this universe is for nothing else than to succeed in.”