---
author: Unknown
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '3016'
image: umpire_1917_150.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- kindness
- ' Public Ledger'
- ' opinion'
title: The Heart of Gold
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE HEART OF GOLD

Now and then one is tempted to indulge in a fiery and sweeping denunciation of a large group of humanity for a shortcoming which suddenly flares in our sight and proves the culminant exasperation.

We like to think the dealer has left a large order of the milk of human kindness at our door, that we are amazingly long-suffering and beautifully reticent when all things go as they shouldn’t. It is the other fellow who is crabbed and cantankerous, the other fellow who ‘‘tries it on’’ to see what we will do. We'are indulgent to a fault, we believe, in our attitude toward the egregious failings of the rest of the race.

Look for gocdness instead of the contrary and you will find it without the aid of a handglass, says an editorial writer in the Public Ledger. It is not rare; it is not hidden; it is all about you. Trust to a ‘‘snap’’ judgment of surfaces and you will be misled. Inquire into the heart, as a botanist probes the inner mystery of a flower, and you will reach a different and a true conclusion.

Emerson tells us that we are entitled to be judged by what we are at our best. We are not always at our best. Neither do we dwell on a mountain-top or attend a picnic or enjoy a boat ride or swim or hunt all the time. Vacation days mean what they are tous because they are inspiring interludes. They bring the chance not just to rusticate or vegetate, but to give exercises to our various hobby-horses stabled so long. Then it is what we choose to do, not what we must do. And if a man deliberately chooses evil, when he has the whole range of good and evil to select from, verily his heart be gnarled and black.

The preponderance of goodness in this world of ours is overwhelming. From the way one sometimes hears a pessimist talk one would think the western war front as long as the equator, instead of about 390 miles in extent. Yes, there is war, and it is all that it has been called. But there is also the fight unending that every man is making to bring himself to the end of his daysin the consciousness of having played a man’s part. If he gives up the struggle, his misery (if his conscience is not atrophied) is acute.

Lose faith in the general decency, learn to suspect human nature, and there is little fun left in living. It is he who trusts, he who gives credit for the best intentions, who gets most satisfaction out of life’s journey as he travels. If you would find the heart of gold, you must be as ready to discover that precious substance as yocu would be to detect the baseness of lead, the commonplaceness of iron.