---
author: Unknown
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '3019'
image: umpire_1917_150.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Evening Bulletin
- ' indigenous people'
title: The Full-Blooded American
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE FULL-BLOODED AMERICA

If a current report from Arizona is to be credited, archaeologists have found here the remains of a race which existed far earlier than had been supposed, says a writer in the Evening Bulletin.

Up to this time the researches into the character of the early inhabitants of the North American Continent had halted at the period of the Pueblo civilization, the Cliff Dwellers, as they have been popularly known. It was suspected that this civilization was secondary, the hypothesis being that it comprised the remnants of a tribe which has been driven into these canyon fastnesses by a cruder, but more warlike race. Despite the efforts of ethnologists, archaeologists and geologists, however, there has been no proof in support of this view, althougn it is obviously plausible.

But the new discoverer insists that he has found the missing link—a race whose relics are a thousand years old, and may be much older. The evidences of its culture are said to be abundant, and if his theory can be established, it will throw a flood of light on the prehistoric inhabitants of this continent.

This country is singularly lacking in substantial evidences of its ewrly habitants. In part this may be due to the fact that, until recently, there has been little attention given to systematic excavation, by which alone results are achieved. Americans of wealth - have lavished funds on expeditions to the Cradle of Mankind, in Asia Minor, overlook- ing the ethnological romance which lies at our threshcld. Since the Great War has closed these fields of research, itmay be hoped that they will turn their enthusiasm to our own Southwest in an endeavor to solve the interesting problem —whether the American Indians were indigenous, or, if not, whence they came.