---
author: Scientific American
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '3020'
image: umpire_1917_150.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- navy
- ' war'
title: The New U-Boats Well Armed
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE NEW U-BOATS WELL ARMED

A naval authority says that the latest U- boats carry two 5.9-inch long range rifles mounted permanently on deck. They are heavily coated with grease and no attempt is made to slide them down into a hatch-covered recess before submerging.

The 5.9-inch gun has an effective range of something more than nine thousand yards and it fires a 100-pound shell—sharpnel or high explosive, as the case may be, says the Sei- entific American. Moreover, these latest boats carry three inches of armor on the conning tower and we are informed— though we do not vouch for the truth of this—that in some cases the armed conning tower has been sufficiently enlarged to constitute a barbette within which these powerful guns are mounted.

Be this as it may, we ought to take time by the forelock and mount on our new de- stroyers, converted yachts and big patrol boats, and, of course, uponour merchantmen, the largest calibre gun that can be provided and accommodated. Our long 50-calibre, 5- inch gun is a splendid weapon for this work. It has a very high velocity and flat trajectory, a rapid rate of fire, great accuracy and is a fair match for the German 5.9 gun. Prudence and foresight suggest that our Government should place orders for several thousand of these guns, so that we may be prepared to meet the increase in power of submarine armament, which undoubtedly is going to take place.

In a running fight between a merchant ship and a submarine the balance of advantage lies with the ship, and this for the following reasons: The merchant ship guns fire from a much steadier platform; they have a high command, the gunners are free from the interference of breaking seas and spray; and whereas a single well placed shot will disable or sink the submarine, a merchant ship might receive twenty such before fatal injury was done to her engines or boilers.