---
author: Unknown
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '3021'
image: umpire_1917_151.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- N.Y. Tribune
- ' nature'
- ' geology'
title: Tapping a Hidden Ocean
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

TAPPING A HIDDEN OCEAN

Among the many unsolved mysteries concerning the interior of Mother Earth few are more fascinating than those brought to light by certain surprising experiences of drills of deep wells. Although many people are not aware of the fact, a large proportion of the wells sunk to depths below 1,000 feet encounter large bodies of salt water, says a writer in the N. Y. Tribune, the flow of which may be so great that the driller remarks that he has struck the Gulf of Mexico or some other immense body of salt water. The salt water may even flow up out of the mouth of the well, but more commonly it rises in the well to the height of several hundred feet above the bottom, and its supply is so great that only a pump of enormous capacity can keep the well empty.

Where does the salt water come from? It is often assumed that it fllls some immense cavity or system of crevices, but in fact it is generally contained in some bed of unusually porous rock, like sandstone, in which the pores, though minute, have an aggregate volume or capacity of millions of cubic feet.

But one question is no sooner answered than another one, more difficult arises, and the question now is: How did the salt water get into the porous rock? Has rain water soaked far down in the earth and found some bed of rock salt which it dissolved and thereby become salty; or had the salt water some source far within the earth, from which it has arisen toward the surface, or is it the water of some ancient ocean that filled the pores of the sand and mud of its bed, which in ages gone by became buried under sand and mud that gradually accumulated on the ocean bottom?

The shells of sea animals found in limestones and other hard rocks at the heart of the continent show clearly that the ocean, in some one or several remote ages, covered a large part of the country, and it appears extremely probable that the salt water found in the deep wells is really fossil sea water, entombed in the sands and muds of former eons and now brought to the surface by the drill, which in innumerable places in thisand other countries is being sunk to depths of 2,000, 3,000 and 4,000 feet and even down to depths of nearly 7,500 feet, a depth rcached by a very deep well which is still being drilled at a place a little west of Pittsburg.