---
author: Chicago Daily News
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '3022'
image: umpire_1917_151.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- Chicago Daily News
- ' poetry'
- ' patriotism'
title: The Song Old Glory Sings
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE SONG OLD GLORY SINGS

What is the song Old Glory sings 
When the wind goes roaring by
And the banner born of valor fiings Itself against the sky?
Know you the song it rustles out 
To the time beat of the breeze?
'Tis the blended chord of a battle shout 
Caught up between the seas.
Amid the smoke it rose and clung 
To the blazing Stripes and Stars,
And it is the call the flag gave tongue 
When rent by shrapnel sears.
It ripples out when the wind is high 
As it did in days long gone.
The flag careens to the bending sky
With its valiant shout ‘‘Come on!”’
That is the song Old Glory sings 
In the battle glare of noon,
And the breath of wild war trumpets rings 
In this defiant tune,
The hoarse hurrah, the vibrant cheer, 
Have been woven in its folds,
And the piercing fife note, shrill and clear, 
Is the song it holds.
What is the song Old Glory sings 
When the breeze is soft and slow
And the banner curves and sways and swings, 
All stately, to and fro?
Know you that song, all gentleness, 
With its measures sweet and smooth,
When the old flag waves with a mild caress 
In cadence made to soothe?
This is the song Old Glory sings 
When its ripple siowly runs:
'Tis a song of peace on gentle wings, 
A song of silent guns.
All joyful, too, that the stress is done 
And the throbbing drumbeats cease;
'Tis a chant of victories long won,
A wondrous strain of peace. 

—Chicago Daily News.