---
author: Unknown
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '3023'
image: umpire_1917_151.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- industry
- ' invention'
- ' solar energy'
title: Utilizing the Sun's Heat
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

UTILIZING THE SUN’S HEAT

Now that the price of coal is going up in an unprecedented way even in this country of abundant coal production and is enormously high in most of thecountries of Eurcpe, there should be increased interest in the latest experiments bearing upon the industrial utilization of the sun’s heat. In an article published in the last annual report of the Smithsonian Institution, a British engineer, A. S. Ackermann, summarizes the results c¢f these costly experiments. He brings down the story to August, 1913. The war presumably has interrupted the investigation, the most successful experiments having been conducted near Cairo, Egypt.

Though the problem of utilizing solar heat in place of coal has engaged scientific minds at various times ever since the early part of the seventeenth century, it is only within the last fifteen years that really promising results have been obtained. Today, according to Mr. Ackermann, the problem is very nearly solved, at least where sunshine is plentiful and coal dear. Where, for example, coal cost as much as $17 a ton—coal costsagreat deal more than that today in Italy—it already pays to resort to the latest method of using the sun’s rays in the production of mechanical power. The improved plant tested in Egypt in 1913 brought results ten times as great as any that had been previously obtained. The practical side ef the problem is the proper concentration of solar heat. This requires absorbers, reflectors, mirrors, lenses and other apparatus at once complex and extensive. All the necessary, apparatus, however, has been greatly simplified by ingenious engineers, and further simplification is said to be reasonably certain.