---
author: B-8266
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '3027'
image: umpire_1917_152.jpg
issue: '36'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The week in H. F. C. circles was a decidedly dull one. The Secretary declares upon his sacred honor—which it would be treason to doubt—and observation confirms it, that nothing worthy of publication occurred at the Board of Governors’ or Delegates’ meetings during the week, while as for Saturday— well, we are by nature an optimist, always turning our dark clouds inside out that we may gloat over the silver lining; but we must confess our total inability to say anything good about Saturday. We might sing the return of the beans, but that is hardly an Honor Club affair; so we will conteat ourselves with saying that there was but one bright spot in the whole dreary day, and allow our readers to draw their own conclusions.

Frankly, it was a cold, wet, and dreary day, and it deserved everything the 1st Sec- tion said of it when they learned that, owing to the hall being unready for use, as well as to inability to provide a show on so short notice, they would be deprived of their half-holiday. It was irritating, no doubt, but when we consider the long line of sunny Saturdays that graced the summer, and the many enjoyable hours spent in the open air, with musie, and baseball, and ice-water, croquet and chess, and checkers, and conversation, and many other things not mentioned in the prospectus, to while away the time, it is really hard to blame the weather man for his momentary neglect of our interests. Anyway, there was a lot of bead-work and knitting done which might otherwise have been lost to the world, and probably the fish needed the rain. Optimism always wins.

Mr. Kraupa and Hon. Jimmie Mulligan were in Saturday afternoon, and with the President, spent an hour with the Vice-President in his apartments on the 11th Block talking over plans for the coming winter season. Mr. Kraupa was as kindly and solicitous for our interests as ever, but he regrets that an increasing stress of work will probably prevent his taking any active part in furnishing us entertainment during the coming winter. But we can rely upon him doing all he can to brighten things up for us. He’s that kind of a man.

We are unable as yet to give full details of the coming entertainments, but motion pictures are practically assured, which we are sure will be good news for all. It will be good to see ‘‘Doug’s’’ antics once again. Work on titting up the Hall for the winter will be started the present week, and everything possible will be done to make the approaching season even more of a success than the last, which was so much of a success, that we hear that some of those who were present last winter, and liked it, are already coming back, so to be sure not to miss the Opening Day; but this might be idle rumor, such as the report that the ushers will wear a distinctive uniform this season, which we condemn atonce as a campaign misstatement; also there are no jobs as scene-shifters to be had, report to the contrary notwithstanding.

The croquet grounds still continue to be a center of interest on all week days, as the older inmates gather there for a trial of their skill at the national game of—? We’ll have to refer this to the Information Bureau. Some have sneered at it as an old maids’ game, but we notice they’re quick to accept an invitation to play. Marvellous to relate, convenient as the mallets are for an offensive, there have been noheads broken as yet; though frequently a wordy war is waged, with loud assertions such as ‘‘You never touched it!” and "I did so!” filling the air.

But the ground-keepers are always about to prevent an insurrection becoming a riot, and soon ‘‘all’s quiet along the Potomac’’ or, speaking exactly, the 12th Block once more. It’s a great game, and fills a long-felt want in providing diversion for the aged inmates, and also for those of the younger element, who are too inflrm or dignified to venture on the ballfield.

Little Jimmy Double-O is rapidly becominga proficient at the game, and he can now chase a bali with some certainty of success, though we must confess that he generally steps on it when he does reach it and he executes a donble fall that would be a credit to any circus. Perhaps his worst fault is a disposition to eat the ball, instead of playing with it, and only the watchful presence of his nurse has several times prevented a calamity.

Pete and the boys are working hard for the benefit of the Women’s Auxiliary in an effort to raise the present low state of funds in their treasury. We are pleased to note that some of the boys have responded admirably, and anyway, a dime given toward this good work, for such a good cause, will make you feel as if you have done something. Come on, boys; wake up! You know the state of our own treasury, so try to help the ladies towards having one as near like it as possible. Sometimes they too have a member who needs financial help, and if they have the means, they can accomplish just what we accomplish when a brother member’s family need help in this way.

Some of these women are artists with the needle, and the results, in the shape of beautiful neckties, handkerchiefs and sleeve-holders, are ready, for sale at almost the actual cost of the material used in their composition. Also any other piece of fancy-work that some of the boys would like to have made for themselves or for presents to the dear ones at home. Just send all your orders to Pete.and he will see that you are supplied with any of the above articles at short notice.

We would like to have the Women’s Auxiliary of the 2nd Block see the moving-picture shows this winter. We know they would appreciate this and hope to accommodate them. So have patience, girls, and we will do all we can for you. We hope for better days in the future for us all.

The First Section will have another chance next Saturday, September 15th, coming out as follows: 1 B, 9 B, 10 B, 8 B, 6 B, 6 G, 12 B, 12-1 G, 12-2 G, 11 B.

—B 8266.