---
author: B-7413
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '3030'
image: umpire_1917_153.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- lecture
- ' ESP news'
title: Distinguished Visitor Addresses E.S.P. Inmates
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

DISTINGUISHED VISITOR AD- DRESSES E. S. P. INMATES

Mr. C. H. Howard, president of the Commonwealth Steel Company, and a prominent resi- dent of St. Louis, Mo., paid a visit to this institution on Saturday last, and after a tour through the various blocks, expressed himself as pleased with arrangements provided for the inmates.

The principal purpose of Mr. Howard’s visit was to address a meeting of the H. & F. Club members at the Industrial building. On being introduced to the men by Mr. John McKenty as a friend from afar who had a message of cheer and encouragement for them, he was greeted with a round of hearty applause.

Mr. Howard said that he was pleased to be present and have the opportunity to say a few words of encouragement to the assemblage, expressing a hope that all would take courage and endure their present misfortune in a proper spirit and with a desire to lead a new, well governed life in the future, and “make good.”

Mr. Howard’s address was absorbingly interesting and well punctuated with pleasing anecdotes of prominent men of this country, which clearly showed his marked ability as a wit and an interesting speaker.

Lack of space in our columns will not permit a full text of Mr. Howard’s discouse being printed. But we do not hesitate to declare that Mr. Howard won a warm place in the hearts of all who were present at the meeting. — EDITOR.