---
author: B-8266
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '3032'
image: umpire_1917_153.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' movies'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

When the members of the First Section arose from their downy (?) beds on the morning of Saturday last and heard the steady roll of the rain on their skylights, their hopes of an afternoon’s outing wereof the gloomiest. Everybody who could hurried to Pete to find out if there was anything ‘‘doing,’’and his invariable reply, up to the time he was driven into hiding, was ‘‘not a thing,” which naturally failed to soothe. But just when the gloom was the thickest, our President came forward and announced the boys would go out, if he had to do a "turn’’ in person, and, speaking parenthetically, he was right there with a monologue, and a ‘‘hot’’ one too, andin a very brief space of time he had secured a ““Speaker of the Day,” had enlisted Mr. Kraupa, and had literally saved the situation. If Belgium should ever happen to need help again, and Hoover isn’t available, let ’em send for Rube.

By 1:30 o’clock the hall was in readiness, and was soon filled with an eager and expectant audience. The President opened the proceedings with a speech from the Throne—we beg pardon, the stage—and talking straight from the shoulder, as it were, told the members present, and it applies to the absent as well, exactly what was expected of them. Rube isn’t one to mince words, and in plain, forceful language he served notice on the disorderly element that they weren’t going to be allowed to interfere with the pleasure of the others; that an offender would be immediately interned, and not for a week or so,but for the season; that the members were expected to be on their best behavior, and that those having their own peculiar ideas of humor, would be allowed to remain in a place where their innocent(?) fun wouldn’t bother any one but themselves. Leaving each one of his hearers thorougnly impressed with the idea that if he didn’t behave, something would certainly ‘‘get” him, the President yielded the stage to Pete, who said a few words. Then Professor Weigandt, with one wave of his baton transported us all to a fairyland of music; we don’t know what it was they played; our musical knowledge doesn’t extend very far, and it may have been anything between "Overture,” and “Taps,” but whatever be its name, it was very, very good, and caused us for the moment to forget our troubles. We have hopes that the Professor will some day cause us to forget our ‘‘time.’’

The Midnight Quartette (B 8354, 8524, 8390, 7553) filled in an awkward pericd of waiting by singing ‘‘My Mother’s Rosary’’ in amanner which earned them an encore. More music, and then, just as the audience was expecting the worst,appeared ‘‘Hon.’’ Jimmy Mulligan, with his little bundle of ‘‘reel” stufi; closely followed by Mr. Kraupa, whose reception should leave no doubt in any mind whether or no we appreciate his splendid and unselfish work for us. Ovation with a capital O is the only word that describes it. He was escorted to the stage, and in a few words charged with feeling expressed his thanks, and tried unsuccessfully to ‘‘pass the buck’’ by blaming it all on Rube, but we only liked him all the more for his modesty.

Then it was ‘‘Lights out!” and ‘‘Down in front!” and soon everybody was absorbed in watching the flickering life on the screen. The offering was a flve-reel comedy entitled “The Marriage Bond,” with Nat Goodwin in the stellar role. And Nat, who perhaps holds the amateur record in the making and breaking of such bonds; with a perfect "score’’ of five and a few ‘‘assists’’ was in his element.

It was very funny in spots, and replete with thrills from start to finish; the jail and court-room scenes, in particular, awakening much interest, they being so true to life— and us. By the way, Mr. Kraupa announced that he hoped to be able to show us in the near future the much talked of feature picture, “The Honor System.’’

After two reels of the picture had been run off a halt was called, and Mr. Johnny McKenty, in a neat little speech, introduced the gentleman who had so kindly consented to address us, Mr. Clarence Howard, of St. Louis, a prominent steel man, and a real philanthropist in every sense of the word, and not a poser. We know from personal observation of his really sincere interest in us, and any man of those present on Saturday afternoon whom his talk didn’t help, is beyond helping. Our President admitted in his speech of thanks, that it had helped him, and who are we if we don’t back up our President? There was nothing dull about his talk. He had the attention of his audience from the start, and held it to the finish. Then A 8432, our Vice-President, to great applause, pinned a Club button on his coat, making him an honorary member of the H. F. C.

The theme of his address was “Fellowship,” which is just friendship under another name, and its great advantages; and he pointed his morals with many a merry tale, which kept his hearers in high good humor. He spoke of his own early struggles, and assured us that success can come only from constant endeavor; that no man ever made a success of life by lying in bed and wishing for work. He told us by implication of his own great success, speaking of his intimacies with the great men of the nation, and we thought of the Bible verse, ‘‘Seest thou a man diligent in business; he shall stand before kings; he shall not stand before mere men.’’

He spoke of sending an inlaid box and tray made by an inmate of this institution, to President Wilson, as an earnest of our so overcoming circumstance. He closed his address with the telling illustration of the rich woman in heaven—how she got there doesn’t matter—who was being shown about by the usher in charge. Nalurally, the first thing she wished tu see was the mansion prepared for her, and the angel assented to her request, but instead of stopping on the Fifth Avenue of the city, as she confidently expected, the way led to the slum district, and he pointed out a miserable log cabin as her future dwelling place. She was very indignant. ‘‘Why, I'm Mrs. So-and-so, of such a I was on this-and-that committee.

I gave money to the poor, and the Belgians, etc. You can’t mean that for me. You’ll find there’s some mistake.” But the angel sorrowfully shook his head. ‘‘Madam,’’ he said, ‘I was on the building committee, and we had the very greatest difficulty in making even the hut you see from the materials you sent us. True you gave your money, but you never gave yourself, and nothing else avails.”

Mr. Howard begged us all to be helpful, to give the helping hand and the cheering word and smile that is of far more value than money, and we would bless ourselves in the giving. He was reluctant to close, and told us he could talk to us for a week, and we were unanimously agreed that we could listen for the same time, and let the others drink the soup. He made a deep impression with his little talk, and we extend him a hearty invitation in the name of the Club to come again and give the Second Section a chance. We sincerely thank him for his work on Saturday.

We also wish to state that Mr. Kraupa paid A 8432, Vice-President, a visit on Sunday, and brought a friend of his, a Mr. Thomas with him. You boys undoubtedly know who Charlie ‘‘Chaplin’’ is, and knowing him you will know Mr. Thomas.

After talking awhile in Pete’s room on the 11th Block, they left to explore the institu- tion. Mr. Thomas was very much impressed by what he saw and heard of our Honor and Friendship Club. He visited all parts of the institution that would be of any interest to him, and he was also showed our little the- ater where we have our shows on Saturday afternoon, and after making a great many complimentary remarks, he was heard to have said, ‘‘that a great many theaters up-State would not mind boasting of half of what we have.” He promised to send us in some good reels of pictures, so you may as well get ready for a good time. Mr. Thomas knows how to pick films all right. When he was told that eight hundred inmates are given entertainment in the hall or yard he was astonished, and his praise of the trade and letter schools was boundless. He was pleased beyond measure with the delightful half- hour spent within our gates, and more so with such able guides as Mr. Kraupa and Pete to show him the ropes. His hearty praise of Warden Robert J. McKenty, and Reuben C. McKenty, was a delight to hear, and he only knows how we appreciate those privileges. He also thought that it was a very fine thing to provide pastime for the old members of the Club, in the shape of croquet, checkers, dominoes, chess, and ring-toss, and the other amusements provided for their recreation. Taking all in all he was a very delighted man with all thathe saw and heard of our life while exiled from society. Next Saturday the second Section will have their inning as follows:
4-3-5 B, 5-4 G, 7 B, 7G. 

—B 8266