---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '3036'
image: umpire_1917_154.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: An Undesirable Habit
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

AN UNDESIRABLE HABIT

Beyond doubt cynicism is a killing habit of the mind, and to the man who expects to make a success of life it may prove his undoing. He will eventually find himself in bad standing with those who he has to work, and with his other associates; for no one likes a man who never sees a good motive in any thing.

The type of person who constantly looks “for a self-seeking motive in another; in any kind act of those with whom he comes in business or social contact, whose pet phrase when credit is given to another for what seems like a thoughtful aor generous act, is invariably, ‘‘Oh yes; but what is there in it for him?” is far from being on the'road to popularity among his associates or others. People will turn a cold shoulder to the man who persists in so doing, and will eventually avoid him altogether.

Unfortunately there are a number of such people in the world, who think it smart to hold this cynical attitude of false cleverness. It is certain that ‘‘those who are truly wise and those who are truly loving are never cynical.” To belittle and misprise others, especially those who are doing great- er and better things than yourself, is an all too common form of bumptiousness that is disgusting. If you ean’t climb up beside the great and the good, it is a mighty small minded person that constantly endeavors to ‘draw them down to his own low level.

In any walk of life such a person is anything but welcome, for they may ruin the peace of home or office, and can take the heart out of another not strong enough to overcome the poison of the serpent tongue.

If one be beset by this cynical habit, by all means root it out, for it will do you no end of harm in the long run. Just because a sceptical remark may bring a smile from the bystander, don’t imagine that you are thought well of for making it. For as a fact you are not. Rather the opposite is sure to be engendered. And who wants to be disliked?