---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '3037'
image: umpire_1917_154.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- justice system
- ' prison'
- ' juveniles'
title: Statistical Study of Juvenile Offenders
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

STATISTICAL STUDY OF JUVENILE OFFENDERS

It has been announced for the first time since the Children’s Court in the city of New York was established a study was made in 1916, of the offenders under probation, as to their social status and proneness to crime. The results of the study have been recently disclosed by the presiding Justice of the Court, Franklin C. Hoyt, in which he says:

“Thievery is the most common offense among juveniles, according to the returns of Bernard J. Fagan, the chief probation officer. Of 3,413 male offenders to whom probation was applied 895 had been charged with petit larceny, and 841 others of burglary; 257 committed assault, 136 of grand larceny and 152 committed unlawlul entry;38 were alleged to have done burglary. Not including the assault cases, a certain number of which were with intent to rob, the instances of thievery of one kind or another totaled 2,162.

“Of the 66 girl offenders under probation, 3 had committed burglary, 11 grand larceny, 24 petit larceny and 1 unlawful entry.

*‘Of 5,474 probationers, including the juvenile delinquents, 4,034 had no previous court or institution record, 981 had been arrested before and discharged or fined, 459 had previously been under institutional care, 198 of the offenders were on probation when arrested, and 543 had been previously on probation.

“The 5,474 probationers divided by birth as follows: Native born, of native parents, 1,447, native born, of foreign parents, 8,074; foreign born, of foreign parents 953.

“Of the first class 84 per cent. were white and 16 per cent. black.

“Of the second class, 1,169 were Italians, 523 Irish, 465 Russian, 815 Austrian, 280 German, 69 Scandinavian, 36 Balkans.

“Of the third class—foreign born children of foreign parents, 367 were Italians, 335 Russian, 96 Austrians, 30 Balkans, 23 English, 16 Irish, 21 Germans, 6 Scandinavians.

“In the second and third classes the relative standing of the nationalities was practically the same among both girls and boys.

“In the three classes the proportion of the sexes was as follows: Firstclass, 1,181 boys, 266 girls; second class, 2,652 boys, 422 girls; third class, 869 boys, 84 girls.

‘‘According to these figures, 22.5 per cent. of the native born probationers of foreign parents were girls, and but 9.6 per cent. of the foreign born probationers of foreign parentage were girls.

“In 3,530 of the 5,474 cases, the parents of the probationers were living together; in 783 the father was dead; in 548 the mother was dead; in 142 both parents were dead. In 1.4 per cent. of the cases the father had deserted the children; in but 0.2 per cent. the mother had deserted; in only 0.1 per cent. had both parents deserted. In 4.1 per cent. the parents were separated; in 0.6 per cent. the parents were not married; and in 1.1 per cent. of the cases one or both of the parents were in institutions.