---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '3039'
image: umpire_1917_154.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
title: The Best Humor
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE BEST HUMOR

“I have said myself somewhere. I do not know with what correctness (for definitions never are complete), that humor is wit and love; I am sure at anyrate,”” Thackeray says in his lecture on ‘‘Charity and Humor,” ‘‘that the best humor is that which contains most humanity, that which is flavored throughout with tenderness and kindness. This love does not demand constantutterance or actual expression, as a good father, in conversation with his children or wife, is not perpetually embracing them, or making protestations of his love; it sets the father cheerily to work through the long day, supports him through the tedious labor of the weary absence or journey, and sends him happy home again, yearning toward the wife and children.

This kind of love is not a spasm but alife. . . And so with a loving humor: I think, it is a genial writer’s habit of being; it is the kind gentle spirit’s way of looking out on the ‘world—that sweet friendliness, which fills his heart and his style. You recognize it, even though there may not be a single point of wit, or a single pathetic touch in the page; though you may not be called upon to salute his genius by a laugh or a tear. That collision of ideas which provokes the one or the other must be occasional. And so the writer’s jokes and sentiments, his ebullitions of feeling, his outbreaks of high spirits, must not be too frequent. One tires of a page of which every sentence sparkles wich points, of a sentimentalist who is always pumping the tears from his eyes or your own. One suspects the genuineness of the tear, the naturalness of the humor; these ought to be true and manly in a man, as everything else in his life should be manly and true; and he loses his dignity by laughing or weeping out of place or too often.”