---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '3041'
image: umpire_1917_155.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' war'
title: Black Walnut
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

BLACK WALNUT

War has sent up the price of black walnut lumber needed in the manufacture of gun stocks, and the demand for wood, scarce and high in cost even fifteen years ago, is fast using up the available supply in this country. It is seldom quoted today in lumber ‘lists and only a few lumber yards and mills carry a limited amount in stock. For ordinary commercial uses the wood is too high in price to be considered.

Brokers through whom the supply is obtained have agents scouring the country for black walnut trees. A single tree of this species can be sold for a good price, and it will be removed, roots and all, to be cut up for gun stocks. The stump will not be over-looked, for from this part of the tree comes the curly-grained wood which makes the handsomest gun stocks. A grove of black walnut trees represents a small fortune.

About the only black walnut trees available now are those on farms and private estates and they are fast disappearing. The wood is hard and takes a high polish, qualities which make it desirable for the use to which it is put. Manufacturers have not found a wood to take its place satisfactorily.

Some of the black walnut used is obtained from old furniture or wainscoting, stairways and interior trim of dwellings cr churches. Many years ago black walunt was used extensively in the manufacture of the best grades of furniture, and in old churches pews and pulpits made of it can be found today. The demand for the wood is gradually caus- ing them to disappear.