---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '3043'
image: umpire_1917_155.jpg
issue: '37'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
- ' insect'
title: Insect Ingenuity
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

INSECT INGENUITY

There is no better place than a garden to study insects. The dark-colored beetle—the oil-beetle—may be observed, and as soon as ‘the bees' come the larva of this beetle contrives to get upon a bee’s body, so as to be carried away to the bee’s home, where it feeds upon the food there and eventually leaves as a perfect beetle.

Other kinds of beetles act as grave-diggers; certain ants keep a dairy; and there are masons, carpenters and upholsterers among the bees. The mason-bee constructs its cell of mortar. By dropping saliva on bits of earth and mixing both together it pounds the mixture into a sort of cement. It works this into the shape of a mould, inside which the female deposits her egg. Several such mortar cells may often be found lying close together.

The carpenter-bee makes its house on decayed wood, and lines it with pieces of leaves which it cuts off in the form of a circle and adjusts so skilfully that its nest is made watertight without any coating. A very ingeniously constructed home is also that of the upholsterer-bee, which dexterouly cuts out the petals of the half-expanded flowers of a poppy. It then strengthens the folds and fits them so that a splendid tapestry overhangs the walls of its home in which the honey is deposited.