---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: B-7413
id: '3047'
image: umpire_1917_157.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- prison reform
- ' recidivissm'
title: Prison Relief Society's Work A Success
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

PRISON RELIEF SOCIETY’S WORK IS A SUCCESS

A New York correspondent informs us that Miss Letha Watts, of Huntingdon, W. Va., who is actively engaged in relief work of the Prisoners’ Relief Society, is the first woman who has ever addressed the Rotary Club of New York. Miss Watts told the members of the club at their luncheon in the Hotel McAlpin, recently, how her society has restored many ex-convicts to respectability and law-abiding lives.

She cited a number of incidents to illustrate the success of the relief work, mentioning the case of one man who got a position through the efforts of the society, bought a Liberty bond and a violin, and finished paying for his home, all within one ‘year after his release.

“There are 50,000 women and children in America who are wives, sons and daughters of men incarcerated in the prisons who are begging us for bread and a place to live,” she said. Her society, she added, has obtained employment for 9,500 ex-convicts and keeps in touch with them. Only 5 per cent. of them have gone back.

“You might as well pour water on aduck’s back to drown it as talk religion to a man in a cell,” said W. E. Dudding, president of the society. ‘‘The average man does not teel drawn toward religion while locked up in prison, and away from all redeeming in- fluence and those he loves. Get him a good job when he gets out; treat him like a man and he will get religion himself.”