---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: B-7413
id: '3050'
image: umpire_1917_158.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
- ' advice'
title: The Qualities That Win
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE QUALITIES THAT WIN

There is no question that almost any one can “make good’’ when everything is booming and all things take on a roseate hue. But the man who wins cut these days is the man who can grasp the opportunity lost by tbe fellow who sleeps by the wayside.

A man has to have some stamina to stand up and look the world in the face. Let come what may. Even an artificial backbone is better than none at all. And if a man has to stimulate nerve, by all means let him do so. ‘‘Pep,” go, push is the dominant factor in business these days, and if one hasn’t these essentials he might as well take up a special course of study on nerve development. Yor that he must have if he expects to get anything or anywhere.

By all means do something. Don’t sit down and bemoan your lack of success. The man who sits down and commences to build mountains out of mole hills is sure to find his path pretty much as he thinks. ‘‘For as a man thinketh, so is he,” was not said in vain.

Next to doing something, the attitude of cheerfulness is the most valuable asset. Good nature will pull a man through many a bad plight. Learn to smile even though some one has ‘‘put one over on you’’ in a way you least expected. Remember that it’s your turn next, if you will have it so. The man who can smile and tell an amusing story when the bottom has dropped out of some pet scheme he has built high hopes on—and there are such—is sure to win in the long run; ‘‘for it is a long lane that has no turn’’ sings the poet, and though the rhymer may be something of a dreamer he hit upon the truth in his song.

“You can’t keep a good man down,’’ goes the story; and if you acquire the leaven of energy to your work or business there need be no room for doubts of a pessimistic nature towards the future.

It is a paramount duty of all fair-minded, energetic men today to promote good-will on every side. It helps you. It helps the other fellow, and it helps to promote progress all around. And that’s what we want to see. It is the backbone of genuine American spirit. The spirit that won’t be downed, no matter what comes.

Optimism, energy and good-will are the three essentials of the age that a man must have in order to win his way, whether in business or in work.