---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: B-7413
id: '3052'
image: umpire_1917_158.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Popular Mechanics Magazine
- ' war'
- ' airplane'
title: Meeting a Shell Face to Face
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MEETING A SHELL FACE TO FACE

A British aviator who has been flying in Frence since the beginning of the war told Popular Mechanics the story of meeting a shell from a German seventeen-inch gun while he was in the air:

"I was at an altitude of about six thou- sand feet one day, and climbing higher at an easy angle, when one of those big fellows, almost at the end of its flight, came ploughing along in the opposite direction. First, a dark little blur appeared at an angle of about thirty-five degrees above me. At first it seemed to be coming right at me, and I swerved to theleft in an instinctive effort to dodge the threatened blow. Then a sort of droning hum became audible, and that sound increased during the two or three seconds that elapsed before the big missile came up to me and swept past. It was probably several hundred yards away at its nearest, but the distance seemed less.

“A few faint stirrings of air began to rock my machine even before the shell went by, but the full force of the ‘air wash’ came a fraction of a second later. Then an almost solid wall of air nearly threw me on my beam ends, and I was really hard put to it to get the reeling machine back on an even keel. For the next mile or two the air was like water in the wake of a big side-wheeler—all chopped to pieces—and the machine rocked like a springless motor lorry going over cobbles. The air was disturbed for some sec- onds after a loud roar astern had told me that the shell had come to earth.”