---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: B-7413
id: '3055'
image: umpire_1917_158.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- information literature
- ' war'
title: Like Ajax and Achilles
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

LIKE AJAX AND ACHILLES

Individual prowess counts for as much as it did in the days of ancient Greece. Names will stand out in the history of this war like those of Ajax and Achilles in the epic of H. mer, avers a writer in McClure’s Magazine.

Lieutenants Immelmann and Boelke, on the German side, have brought down nine and ten adversaries in mortal combat. Their exploits are tinged with a chivalric glamour which seems anything but modern.

When Boelke landed to aid an enemy whom he had wounded he was greeted with the comment: ‘‘Since it is Immelmarn who beat me, I am satisfied.” When the German replied that it was ‘‘only Boelke,” the interchange of compliments seemed like a parley between Hector and Ajax.

The analogy between Homer’s battles and twentieth century aerial combats extends even to the vehicles used. What is a flying machine but the ancient war chariot soaring on wings? In many an encounter two-man machines still battle for supremacy—one man an observer, the other a pilot. The observer is the fighting hero of old, wielding a machine gun instead of a sword; the pilot his faithful charioteer.

Carry the analogy still further and consider how much is at stake when battleplane meets battleplane. The fate of an ancient army depended on a prince in his war chariot; the fate of an army corps now hangs on the information gleaned by a victorious flyer.