---
author: Unknown
day: '26'
editor: B-7413
id: '3057'
image: umpire_1917_159.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- nature
- ' facts'
title: Our Most Beautiful Elk
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

OUR MOST BEAUTIFUL ELK

A naturalist of national repute claims that the stately elk is the most beautiful of our remaining wild animals. Known to the In- dians by the name of wapiti, it would seem most fitting if this typical American animal should become known by that name. The wapiti is the largest of the red deer family and closely resembles his smaller brother, the European stag. The wapiti is not properly an elk, as the European elk is more closely allied to the American moose.

This majestic animal is now to be found mainly in the states of Montana, Idaho and Wyoming, though about 4,000 head are thought to remain in Colorado, and considerable numbers are scattered through western Canada. The Campfire Club of America and other organizations and individuals are working for its preservation. The favorite home of the elk is the Yellowstone National Park, where he has no rifle to fear and where cougars, coyotes and timber wolves are kept under control. In the park and its vicinity are probably 50,000 head, distributed in two main herds.

It is said that during the summer season the elk live high up in the mountains, generally at an elevation of 8,000 to 11,000 feet. The grassy plateaus offer an ideal summer range. Even on the woodedsides of the highest ravines there are parklike glades where the elk late in the afternoons come out to feed. Itis difficult to imagine a more beautiful sight than is then afforded by these stately and graceful animals. Although their number in the park may sometimes reach as high as 60,000 head, it is rare for visitors to see a single specimen. Visitors are taken in stages around a regular route arranged for viewing the natural phenomena of that great outdecor museum.

Old hunters assert that the elk dislike to be pursued by campers with cameras, and keep away from the stage routes. If visitors would leave the highways of the park and seek out its byways, either on foot or by pack and saddle trips, they would have a marvelous opportunity to study the greatest exhibit which survives of our mountain wild life—not only the elk, but mountain sheep, deer, beaver and many other animals.