---
author: B-8266
day: '26'
editor: B-7413
id: '3066'
image: umpire_1917_160.jpg
issue: '38'
layout: item
month: '9'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' parade'
- ' music'
- ' baseball'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Second Section of the H. F. C. thoroughly enjoyed its somewhat delayed outing on Saturday afternoon, as the weather man, seemingly repentant of his behavior of recent Saturdays, provided an almost ‘‘perfect day’’ for their benefit. It was the kind of day that makes you, if you are of the city, take the ‘‘kids’’ for a walk in the park or out to the country to Grandma’s or Aunt Maria’s: the kind of day that sets the country boys to roaming the fields and woods to see if the chestnuts are getting ripe and if the wild-grape clusters hang as low as they should. Know what I mean?

Our opportunities for roaming on Saturday are necessarily a bit circumscribed, but we did the best we could with a ‘‘twice-around’’ the institution. Pete washeardto assert in a confident tone that he could walk twelve miles on a ‘‘straight-away;’’ but as nobody took him up on it, he just kept walking in a circle. KEven those of our number who have so long traveled in gondolas—NOT the Venetian kind as to have lost all confidence in their feet as a means of locomotion, stepped out bravely, and were apparently loath tostop but we may be wronging them in this. The 4th Block easily carried off the marching honors of the day; they stepped out as if the prize were a Georgia watermelon, and it already in sight. The Red Cross contingent, marshalled by Dan, in a uniform which would have turned a Haitian General green with envy, and a pair of ‘‘breeze resisters’’ that would be a perfect disguise in London—Dan must be in training for a job as an Irish spy— also made a good showing. Mac’s Volunteers or is it Conscripts? of Mercy, must be close observers of their leader, for they had the Navy ‘‘roll’’ almost to perfection on Saturday. If Mac could only get those bell bottomed trousers he’d stand a good chance of having them accepted for the Naval Reserve.

Professor Wiegandt and his merry men were in the best of form, and delighted the souls of the music lovers with their really excellent work. We must in particular cite their rendition of the ‘‘Poet and Peasant’’ overture—yes, we’ll confess we copied the name from the program—as a gem. There was a mixture of sadness and fire in it that was most appealing. We think we would like to be buried to music like that; it would speak eloquently of what was to come, and forewarned is—you all know the proverb.

The Twilight Quartette was very much in evidence, and sang ‘‘The Rosary’’ in a manner which would have almost certainly repaired a broken engagement, or a broken arm, if there’s anything in Christian Science. Their latest performance for the benefit of our visitors was of such merit as to lead us to offer to head a fund for a ‘‘possum bake’’ in their honor. We have heard somewhere that over-indulgence in ‘‘possum’’ is often fatal.

The ball games had their quota of interest- ed spectators all afternoon. There wus absolutely nothing lacking but the peanuts and pink lemonade to persuade the ‘‘fans’’ that they were not at Shibe Park, or the Polo grounds. The game between the Shoe Shop and the 7th Block was more of a massacre than a ball game, and the 7th Block is in danger of losing its license for unnecessary cruelty. They made seven runsin the first inning alone. If the Shoe Shop warriors hadn’t slipped over three runs in the last inning, when the 7th Block were packing up to go home, and temporarily off their guard, they would have gone home with enough goose-eggs for their collective suppers, and some over.

The game between the 4th Block and the ‘‘Highbinders’’ ended in a draw, with both sides hanging over the ropes at the finish, the ‘‘ump’” in a fine frenzy, and the score-keeper’s (Hook) voice reduced to a mere. whisper. This alone will tell you what kind of a game it was. The score was tinally agreed upon as being 6—6 in favor of the umpire.

Mr. Kraupa, with a small party, was early on the scene, and with him, as a pleasant surprise, came our old friend Miss Mae Russell, who seemed in the best of health and spirits, and only regretted that pressure of work had prevented her visiting us earlier, but she assured us that she would try to do better in the future, which would be, in a different sense, a very good motto for us all. Miss Russell is uncertain whether her many pressing engagements will permit of her taking any personal partin providing us with entertainment during the winter season, but hopes to tell us more definitely on her next appearance, which she promises will be soon, and assures us that she will do her best— and we know enough of the lady to be sure that she will keep her promise. So we "will hope for the best.

The Dolly Sisters, who are vaudeville headliners, and are playing at the local Keith Theater during the present week, were institution visitors, and promised to call some Saturday afternoon when their engagements permit, and grace our local stage. We can at least assure them of a hearty welcome.

To turn to grosser matters, we would like to call the attention of the members to the fact that the Club treasury was figuratively ‘‘shot to pieces’” on Saturday, and that they shouldn’t ask for anything over a hundred dollars for car-fare or ‘‘grub-stake.” On the morning of that day it was as fat as the flesh-pots of Egypt, but by tea-time it resembled most the historical cupboard of Old Mother Hubbard, as Mr. Bradley, who does the funeral directing for the Club, presented his account in the interim—a matter of $120.00—being the funeral expenses of six of our late members whom the Club was called on to bury. So if any of our number have philanthropic leanings, and would like to see their names at the head of the endowment fund, now is the time for them to come to the front; while if they are so modest as to wish their benefactionsto remain unknown let them slip it to the Treasurer while the Press Agent isn’t looking. We assure them the Treasurer is perfectly ‘‘safe.” And we guarantee to such possible benefactors that, should they ever stand in need of Mr. Bradley’s services, they will be handled with unction, not to speak of eclat.

Next Saturday, September 29th, the First Section will be out as follows: 1 B, 11 B, 10 B, 8 B, 6 B, 6 G, 12 B, 12-1 G, 12-2 G, 9 B.

—B 8266.