---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: B-7413
id: '3080'
image: umpire_1917_162.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Inquirer
- ' prison'
- ' mothers'
- ' discipline'
title: Folsom's Novel Discipline
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

FOLSOM’S NOVEL DISCIPLINE

According to a recent announcement they have a novel method of maintaining discipline in the State prison at Folsom, California, and it is proving a great success. They have no dungeons or dark cells in the prison, corporeal punishment is unheard of, tying up by the thumbs is never permitted—in short, none of the old modes of punishment are recognized in this institution, declares a correspondent of the Inquirer.

The system in vogue is this: When a new prisoner is received, he is informed that they have three different bilis of fare in the prison, and that it is optional with each man as to how well he lives. If he is industrious, orderly, well-behaved and in all things conforming strictly to the rules of the prison, he is served with excellent food, nicely cooked. He can have chops, steaks, eggs, tea and coffee, milk and white bread; if he is only fairly well behaved and does not do his allotted task properly, is inclined to growl and grumble at the regulations of the institution, he is given ordinary prison fare— mush and molasses, soup and corn bread; and if he is ugly and insubordinate, he is permitted to feast on nulimited quantities of cold water and a rather small allowance of bread.

There is aid to be an intense rivalry among the convicts to enter the first class, and once there, it is seldom that one of them has to be sent back to a lower class.

This discipline is evidently patterned after that of prudent mothers, who send the bad boys to bed without their suppers. It is humane as well as efficacious. A lion can be tamed with hunger, much less a boy or man.