---
author: New York Evening Post
day: '3'
editor: B-7413
id: '3082'
image: umpire_1917_162.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- The Masses
- ' censorship'
- ' treason'
title: Judge Hand on Treason
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

JUDGE HAND ON TREASON

Judge Hand’s decision in the case of The Masses is presumably goodlaw, and is certainly good sense. The gist of it is the distinction between proceeding under the statute and proceeding by administrative order. If a publication is treasonable or seditious, let its editors be indicted and punished, citation being made of the terms of the act violated, and due proof being given. But do not give to any official the power to say to an editor: “I have looked into your soul and discover treasonable sentiments there and accordingly exclude your paper from the mails.” Judge Hand impartially weighed the evidence laid before him and was constrained to decide that none of the language used by The Masses or the cartoons published by it would warrant a jury verdict that sedition or resistance to the law was advocated. But in granting the injunction against excluding the periodical from the mails for anything it has so far done, he did not fail to point out the limits of free discussion beyond which it can not go. It can say that the draft is hateful, but it can not urge anybody to resist it. Thus the masses has had its vindication—and its advertisement, for which it may thank Post Office stupidity—but it has also had its warning.

New York Evening Post.