---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: B-7413
id: '3083'
image: umpire_1917_162.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Boy Scouts
- ' war effort'
title: What Boy Scouts Are Doing
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WHAT BOY SCOUTS ARE DOING

Itis announced that 260,000 Boy Scouts of America, thoroughly organized and disciplined, trained to obey orders cheerfully and hardened to hiking and outdoor life, have already been called on by Uncle Sam to take part in several campaigns. Those that have not already been won are being driven forward sucecessfully. 

The first of these is the garden campaign under the battle cry, ‘‘Every Scout to Feed a Soldier.” Thousands of Boy Scouts in backyards, vacant lots and on country acres, nursed the growths that will later enable the American Army in France to enter the fight fed on the good old American bean. The perishable articles of the garden that the Scouts will raise for home consumption will release thousands of tons of grain for the soldiers of the Allies.

“Liberty Loan campaign was another battle pursued by the Scouts with magnificent strategy and persistence. More than $18,000,000 in bond signatures are recorded at national headquarters, the result of their drive. Andmore are to come. The Red Cross has had a faithful and efficient ally from the first in the Boy Scouts; and while no national campaign has been carried on by them for this purpose, in hundreds of cities and towns the young troopers have collected money, have made pads and bandages, have put up pound packages of concentrated food, have packed cases, and have done other work or- dinarily done by men.

The latest Scout undertaking is assisting Mr. Hoover. The boys are tabulating and checking up all the homes, each house to make a pledge and exhibit a window card that it is following out the administration program. Then, too, the Scouts haveproved mighty useful to the exemption boards.’’