---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: B-7413
id: '3084'
image: umpire_1917_163.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- music
- ' jazz'
title: Jazz Music
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

JAZZ MUSIC

Various descriptions of jazz music have from time to time appesared, but none seem to hit the mark exactly, says a connoisseur of this art. The common impression is that it consists of a lot of peculiar and noisy sounds without rhyme or reason. “This is not the case, however, says the Milwaukee Sentinel. It consists chiefly of syncopation, peculiarly accentuated; variations by scme of the instruments; improvisations by others, mingled with odd sound effects. Through all this the melody of the selections rendered must be distinguished at all times—tin-can noises, beating the life out of the drums, blasting by the brass instruments is entirely unnecessary. Contrasts between pianissimo and fortissimo passages should be shown just as much in jazz music as in classies.

Another wrong impression is that jazz orchestras must consist of a certain instrumentation. This also is not the case. The violin, cello, cornet, piano, or in fact any legitimate instrument, can be used. As jazz music is originally Ethiopian, the banjo and saxophone are used merely to lend negro character to it.

The number of musicians that can jazz properly is said to be small, because it really requires good musicians, who must also be endowed with the swing or knack of performing it. Although many of the cafe and theater orchestras are composed of good musicians, those who can jazz are scarce. Onthe other hand, many of the self-styled jazz orchestras are misrepresentations, and can not play the semi-classics or classics adequately. Some cannot perform it properly, and to offset this, resort to noise and disorder inimitation thereof. The percentage of musicians who can do justice to the classics and also play jazz is consequently even smaller. This kind of orchestra is exceedingly scarce. Jazz music is rhythmical and inspiring. It is declared the best antidote for the blues.