---
author: Unknown
day: '3'
editor: B-7413
id: '3086'
image: umpire_1917_163.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- science
- ' astronomy'
title: Moon Acting Queerly
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MOON ACTING QUEERLY

“And now it’s the moon thatis acting queerly,’’ says a promiment writer on scientific subjects. The cause of fluctuation in the motion of the moon, which long has been a puzzle to astronomers, has been discovered by Prof. T. J. J. See, director of the Naval Observatory at Mare Island, Cal., according to a statement he gave out recently.

Profassor See states that the electrodynamic waves of the sun, which are presumed to be the force of gravitation in the solar system, are modified as to the moon because the force is exerted through the earth. This interposition of the earth between the sun and moon caused the electrodynamic waves of the sun to undergo wefraction, disposition and absorption. This, said Professor See, weakens the action of the sun on the moon when that satellite nears the shadow of the earth, as at the time of the lunar eclipse.

This weakening of the gravitational force of the sun on the moon, he stated, causes the fluctuations in the moon’s revolution in its orbit.

Professor See’s announcement states that the irregularities in the moon’s motion can be calculated, and that thereby the accuracy of the predicted orbit may be increased twelve- fold. He regards his discovery as corroborative of his theory of the eause of gravitation. He has sent a report to the Royal Astronomical Society, London, and to scientific societies in Paris, Stockholm and Edinburg.