---
author: B-8266
day: '3'
editor: B-7413
id: '3093'
image: umpire_1917_164.jpg
issue: '39'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' baseball'
- ' parade'
- ' music'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The First Section passed a very agreeable afternoon on Saturday last. With weather conditions at their best, which could best be described as bracing; with free sunshine, free air, free musie, and that not of the canned variety which nightly distracts the air; free baseball, which should have been of the canned variety, and free speech. A ladies’ sewing circle, a Cooper Union mass meeting and the Tower of Babel combined would have nothing on the yard on a Saturday afternoon. Had a ‘‘Hot-dog man’’ or two been present it would have been an absolutely ‘‘Perfect Day.”

Conditions were just right for marching and there were but few stragglers. “Twice around’’ was the order of the day, and with banners waving proudly in the sun, “Pete’’ stepping high, ‘‘Nick,” the so-soon-to-be-deported, wearing the smile that won’t come off —not even had Old Dutch Cleanser been used; the band, with the Professor all smiles, doing it’s ‘‘durndest’’— we hope the censor passes this—;the bugle corps waking the echoes—they would have wakened Rip Van Winkle had they been in the vicinity during that gentleman’s celebrated sleep, although when we come to think it over, we’re not so sure of that, as there are some Rip Van Winkles in here who have been asleep for more than twenty years, and it hasn’t wakened them. Well, it was some ‘‘Peerade.’’

The 1st Block surpassed their former fine record as marchers. They kept almost perfect alignment and step, and really looked fine. Give Pershing a few regiments like that and the flag would be in Berlin within a month. We will gladly head a fund to send the 1st Block and the bugle corps “Over There,” and we feel sure they’d bring back the “bacon.” If they didn’t they’d bring back nearly everything else that was unattached.

We would like to call the attention of the “bleacherites” to the fact that there are several American flags in the parade, and that it is an accepted custom for an American to rise to his feet and remove his hat or cap when the flag goes by; but judging from the actions of the spectators along the line of march on Saturday there are mighty few Americans—and men—among them, for 90 per cent. of them sat quite still, and we’re not sure but some of them actuslly held their caps on.. At a time when men are fighting and dying for that flag, we might at least give it the tribute of an outward respect. Any man who won’t do so, deserves everything he’s getting, except the pot-pie.

The music of the afternoon was of that high order of excellence which Prof. Wiegandt and his men so consistently furnish. The Warden, with a party of Army officers, stood by while the band rendered a patriotic selection, and the visitors heartily applauded its really fine performance. Mr. Kraupa and Hon. Jimmy Mulligan were present during the afternoon and met a hearty welcome, B 8524, “D.C.” you all know him, was the pianist of the afternoon, and though not quite a Paderewski, tickled that old piano’s ribs till she fairly chortled with glee. The Blackbird Quartette were individualy and collectively melodious. B 8354 sang ‘‘Same Old Girl” but neglected to mention name, B 8390 sang ‘‘Make Hay While the Sun Shines in Virginia’’ and evidently wished he was back there doing it; and his audience agreed with him. B 7553 sang ‘‘All the World Will be Jealous of Me,” which we think a mistake. B 7935 sang ‘‘Night-Time in Dixie Land’’ in a suspiciously realistic manner, while the combined Quartette sang "Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep’’ so realistically as to make a number of their hearers sea-sick.

We find it hard to say anything about the base-ball games of the afternoon. It would be invidious to draw comparisons, so we’ll just say they were all bad and only accident prevented the scores from being equally large. The 1st Block tied the Dodgers; who could’nt dodge. The 8th Block Bums certainly lived up to their names in their contest with the 9th Block Stars, who amassed 14—count e’m, fourteen—runs from them. We think it more charitable, and in better taste, to draw a veil over the whole matter, and leave the actors therein to their memories.

Next Saturday, Oct. 6, the Second Section comes forth as follows 4B, 5B, 4G, 7B, 7G, 3B.

—B 8266.