---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '3096'
image: umpire_1917_165.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- music
- ' choir'
- ' program'
title: St. Stephen's Church Choir Gives Entertainment of Song
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

ST. STEPHEN’S CHURCH CHOIR GIVES ENTERTAINMENT OF SONG

An excellent entertainment of sacred music was provided for the inmates of this institution on Sunday last by St. Stephen’s Church Choir. The soloists were: Miss Cecelia A. Melia soprano; Mrs. Augusta Kohlne McCoy, contralto; Mr. James Conley, tenor; and Mr. Edward A. MacDonald, bass. Miss Mary Ida Ryan presided at the piano.

With Choirmaster Francis P. McKinny leading the well-trained chorus, the opening number was rendered in a manner most pleasing to the hearers, the soloists distinguishing themselves with the grace ard excellence of their singing.

At the conclusion of the selections, Chap- lain Joseph Welch deliveded a short and inspiring address on ‘‘Americanism,’’ that met with enthusiastic applause. During the course of his remarks, Chaplain Welch expressed his appreciation and thanks to the choirists for their fine service of song, and to the visiting members of the American Society for Visiting Catholic Prisoners, under whose auspices the entertainment was given, for their continued kindly interest in the welfare and encouragement of the inmates.

The program was as follows:

PROGRAM 
Piano Prelude.
1. “Father Forgive Them, For They Know Not What They Do’’ Dubois Bass Solo, and Tenor With Chorus.
2. “This Day Thou Shalt Be With Me In Paradise’’ Dubois Soprano Solo. 
3. ‘‘Panis Angelicus”’ Cezar Franck Tenor Solo With Chorus. 
4. “My God, My God, Why Hast Thou Forsaken Me’’ Dubois Contralto Solo.
5. ‘‘Quando Corpus" Rossini Quartette. 
6. "I Thirst" Dubois Bass Solo With Chorus.
7. "Regina Coeli” Giorza Chorus.
Piano Prelude.