---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '3098'
image: umpire_1917_165.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- suffragettes
- ' women'
- ' prison'
title: Mutinous Suffragists Quelled by Guards and Inmates
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MUTINOUS SUFFRAGISTS QUELLED BY GUARDS AND INMATES

A Washington correspondent states that charges of prison mutiny have been filed by Alonzo Tweedale, acting superintendent of the Occoquan Workhouse, against the eighteen suffragist priscners sentenced for White House picketing, who were scratched, bruised, and beaten in a fight with workhouse guards and negro women prisoners, who went to the aid of the guards.

In a report made of the affair to the District Commissioner, Tweedale places all the blame on the women. He states that when he attempted to remove Mrs: Johns, the leader of the riot, from the institution to the jail hospital for treatment, he was surrounded by an angry crowd of women, who stated that they would not allow her to beremoved.

“They ran with Mrs. Johns into the kitchen,’’ said Tweedale, ‘‘and from there started into the colored quarters. I warned the suffragists that they were interfering with an officer of the Government, and that unless they immediately returned to their quarters, I would be compelled to use the necessary force to carry out my instructions.

“The colored inmates who were at work in the other departments of the institution became very much excited. I called upon the male officers for assistance in restraining the excited women, and they performed their duty with only sufficient force to quell the riot.

“During the mixup, one of the suffragist inmates was knocked down, her hair becoming very much disarranged. In view of this diversion I was enabled to get Mrs. Johns out on the front porch, and she entered the automobile with my assistance, and was accompanied by the nurse of the female department to the prison hospital.”