---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '3100'
image: umpire_1917_165.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- prison
- ' China'
title: Malcontents Attack Head of Chinese Prison
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MALCONTENTS ATTACK HEAD OF CHINESE PRISON

It is reported in a Pekin, China,despatch that a serious attack was made upon Wang Yuan-Cheng, the superintendent of model prison in that place, by malcontent officials and their synpathizers who do not approve the new enlightened methed now in vogue at that institution. The new prison management is said to be worthy of imitation in many countries supposed to be far superior to China in management of penitentiaries.

Wang Yuan-Cheng, the founder and superintendent of the prison, and a number of guards were attacked recently by a group of twelve prisoners, who were inspired to revolt after the restoration of the monarchy. He was stabbed in the head and abdomen with bayonets but not fatally wounded. Ten convicts escaped.

Although Mr. Wang Yuan-Cheng narrowly missed death through adhering to humane methods, he still believes in the system adopted in the prison and will not alter it.

Six years ago Mr. Wang was commissioned by Yuan Shih-Kai to open a modern prison, and given only $5,000, with which to carry out the work. He managed the institution so skilfully, and employed convict labor so profitably that the prison now has $30,000 in the bank and has paid all its administrative expenses.

Six hundred men and one hundred women are confined in the prison, and of this number only twelve participated in the dash for liberty. Practically all the others attempted to prevent violence and to protect the superitnendent.