---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '3104'
image: umpire_1917_166.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: Management The Key of Success
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MANAGEMENT THE KEY OF SUCCESS

We often hear men say that they are “having a poor time of it." Things don’t seem to go as they should and there is a feeling that comes to us that we want to quit, to sit still and let things go as they may: in fact to quit.

Perhaps the returns we are receiving do not seem to be sufficient for the amount of energy we put in our work. The trouble is that our mental dynamo lacks the physical power of purpose, and things take on a sickly hue at the prospect of failure, while defeat seems not far away.

But the fact is, that there is nothing wrong with the world, things are about the same all about you; the trouble is with yourself.

When a man begins to lose confidence in his ability to pull through a tight place, he has little chance to win out, for he has formed a mental image of failure.

The better way to do when one has one of these so-called ‘‘blue days,”’ is to keep in mind the fact that it’s not the day, or the conditions he has to face; it’s himself he has to do battle with. His mental attitude lacks the proper poise to picture success and wring out a victory over purely imaginary difficulties.

These mental delusions may be attributed to a number of causes. Perhaps you may have read some morbid stuff of a depressing nature,or perhaps your stomach or liver may be out of order. If such is the case, you may depend upon it that your mental attitude will follow suit, as the mind is influenced by what you think and what you read, and on the trend of your mind you depend for guidance in work or play. So it’s up to you whether you allow yourself to be controlled by conditions that can be remedied, or whether you play your part in a manly way, keeping your thoughts off from your liver and oft thinking failure. More men fail through lack of proper mental control, than through dissipation or idleness. It needs constant thought and effort to manage your time and your work so that they accomplish results that count—that win.


“Everything opens when one has the key of management.’’