---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '3106'
image: umpire_1917_166.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: The Aimless Man
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE AIMLESS MEN

According to a writer in a Chicago paper,a man who has motored from Maine to California says nothing on the whole astonished him so much as the number of aimless men. It was his habit to slide out of cities early in the morning to avoid traffic, but he was never too early to miss the men who idle away their days in the public parks and boulevards. And often he slipped into towns very late at night, but never too late to pass other loiterers of the same kind.

Even in the parks of the cities, when pa- pers are crammed with ‘‘ads,’’ “Help Wanted—Male,” these men are always to be seen.

On cool days they lounge in the sun, on hot days they sleep on the grass in the shade. They never seem to have friends or to want them. They walk aimlessly. They sit aimlessly. They look as if aimlessness had cursed them since they were able to toddle alone. And probably it has.

Not much can be done to reform the habits of a man over thirty years of age. It is not likely any of these men will ever have 3 well-defined motive in his life.

But the sight of them should be a warning to parents. Get your children to work toward an end. See that he is able to define his object.

Success is a habit formed early in life.

And it can hardly escape the man who is able to rest quietly in bed every morning while answering the question, “What am I going to do today?”

He who is trained in this habit will never have to hunt a bed in a park.