---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '3109'
image: umpire_1917_166.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- worry
- ' advice'
title: Worry Impairs Mental Powers
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WORRY IMPAIRS MENTAL POWER

The protective instinct is present in the human mind and when properly directed is a great source of prosperity both to the individual and the nation. In order for man to store up and lay by, to gain advancement either in honor or material things, it is necessary that he take some forethought of the morrow, but just so soon as he carries this beyond the normal point the mental process becomes an exaggerated and abnormal one.

The normal protective instinet is stimulated by a normal fear of those events which are reasonably sure to happen in the future unless means are adopted against them.

The moment that this fear becomes abnormal or exaggerated it overstimulates this protective instinct, and to no good purpose, because it results in worry. This worry continues long after the necessity for the normal stimulus of fear has passed, with the result that there is an impairment in mental power and of dissipation of the nervous forces.

In fact, worry is an abnormal state.

Not all worry is preventable, but for the most part it can be avoided. Most of our fears are never realized,and, as a rule, if we meet our troubles day by day as they come without worrying about them before they arrive or fretting over them after they have passed we will find that we have the strength to rise above them. Worry undermines the health to a certain extent, and every victim of the worry habit owes it to himself to crush it out of his life.