---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '3110'
image: umpire_1917_166.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: Look on the Sunny Side
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

LOOK ON THE SUNNY SIDE

You have read many rules for happiness. Years ago, when it was still thought proper to preach in school books, the following advice by an unknown writer was given:—

“I will give you two or three good rules which may help you to become happier than you would be without knowing them; but, as to being completely happy, that you can never be till you get to heaven.

“The first is: ‘Try your best to make others happy.' 'I never was happy,’ said a certain King, ‘till I began to take pleasure in tbe welfare of my people; but ever since then, in the darkest day I had sunshine in my heart.'

“My second rule is: 'Be content witn little. There are many good reasons for this rule. We deserve but little, we require but little and ‘better is little, with the fear of God, than great treasures and troubles therewith.’

“Two men were dctermined to be rich, but they set abont it in different ways. The one strove to raise up his means to his desires, while the other did his best to bring his desires down to his means. The result was that the one who coveted much was always repining, while he who desired but little was always contented.

My third rule is: ‘Look on the sunny side of things.’

“The skipping lamb, the singing lark, and the leaping fish tell us that happiness is not confined to one place. God, in His goodness, has spread it abroad on the earth, in the air and in th: waters. Two aged women lived in the same cottage; one was always fearing a storm and the other was always looking for sunshine, Hardly need I say which it was that wore the forbidding aspect or which it was whose face was lightened up with joy.”