---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '3112'
image: umpire_1917_167.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: The Reward of Pomposity
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE REWARD OF POMPOSITY

The princeling of an oriental country had sent to his minister in a far, rich country the decoration of the national Order of the Golden Goat. It was a cheap trinklet, plentifully adorned with imitation jewels. But the minister, being a vain man and prosperous, had the false stones replased by real ones and wore his order thereafter with proper pride.

Then after some years the princeling came a-visiting to the far country. Naturally the minister came to pay his respects. Almost at once the eyes of the princeling, fell upon the order with the real stones, and he sat as one fascinated, prolonging the interview with idle questions and payiag no attention to the answers. He was resolving a problem—for the privy purse was leaner than usual just then. At last he saw his way clear to make a coup.

"It is time,” he said to the minister, "that your valuable service to your country should receive additional recognition from your country’s prince. I hereby (he reach- ed into a pocket somewhere about his plump person advance you from the second to the first class of the Order of the Golden Goat.” With these words he pinned upon the minis- ter’s swelling chest the new decoration.

Of course it was necessary to remove the old decoraticn first. This, with its collecticn of real stones, he dropped carelessly into one of his royal pockets.