---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '3114'
image: umpire_1917_167.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- information literature
title: The Mexican Found a Way
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE MEXICAN FOUND A WAY

There are ways of evading duty down on the Rio Grande impossible to the port of New York. The Mexican found a way. He was a merchant just on the other side of the Mexican border. He had two vases which had caught the fancy of an American customer, but they were dear, and with the duty added—not to be thought of. The customer told the Mexican so. The Mexican fell $5. But the price was still too dear. The Mexican fell again. But still there was the duty staring the customer in the face. Then suddenly, without explaining how, the Mexican guaranteed that the vases should be delivered free of duty on the other side of the Rio Grande—next morning at breakfast time. 

“And,’’ the Mexican added in a character- istic manner, ‘‘I will be there to collect.” At breakfast next morning, as the customer was eating leisurely, the Mexican appeared. 

“Where are the vases?’’ the custcmer inquired.

““In the next room, senor,” replied the Mexican, smiling blandly.

“And the duty?’’

“There is no duty, senor.’’

““How in thunder did you manage it?”’ asked the American, amazed. 

“I paid a greaser a dollar, senor. With the vases strapped to his back, he swam the Rio Grande. See, senor’’—hurrying to bring in a vase from the next room ard touching it gently with his fingers— ‘‘they are whole, per-fect.’’