---
author: Unknown
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '3115'
image: umpire_1917_167.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- bridge
- ' engineering'
- ' Quebec'
title: The Quebec Bridge
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE QUEBEC BRIDGE

The completion of the Quebec bridge after two disasters marks a triumph in bridge engineering, yet the ultimate success of this project has rested not so much on a spectacular struggle with well-nigh insurmountable difficulties as in more or less prosaic effort to perfect the details of this great structure in all its parts, declares the Railway Age. lhe story of this ill-fated project is a sermon on the importanca of minute care in detail, since both of the disasters that befellit were brought about through oversight of seemingly minor features. In the first case it was carelessness in the revision of dead-load calculations and in the proportioning of the lacing bars of the compressicn members. In the second case the design of the saddles by which the span was supported from the elevator hangers was at fault. Bridge engineering is essentially a matter of minute, painstaking detail. Imagination and vissicn play but a small part in the successful completion of even the most wonderful structure. One of the best illustrations of the importance of detail can be found in the fleld of movable bridges. In most of the types the fundamental principle is simplicity itself, but ultimate sucess involved years of experimentation. In one of the first types developed a period of twenty years elapsed after the first structure was built before a second one was attempted. The first one was a most indifferent success, while a greater perfection of working parts in the second led to the repeated use of this design in subsequent structures. Bridges of ordinary proportions built today are better than those of years gone by, not so much because new types or designs have been evolved, but be- cause greater care is taken in the proportioning of the details and closer attention is given to the perfection of the workmanship in the shop and in the field.