---
author: B-8266
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '3116'
image: umpire_1917_168.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' baseball'
- ' parade'
- ' music'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Second Section met with rather a cool reception from the Weather Man on Saturday afternoon and those who had hitherto envied the Indian his condition of absolute freedom on that afternoon coveted his blankets also. Sunny corners were very much in demand and checker and chess games languished, while ball players were a drug on the market. We expected some of the occupants of the stone-pile to reportfrost-bite, but have been disappointed as yet.

Pete, A 8432, our Vice-President, gave the boys plenty of exercise and twice he marched with the men, the band leading and colors flying. President Reuben C. McKenty and Pete were right on the job and had cheerful words for all.

It was just the sort of a day to march to the music of a good band with banners wav- ing and crowds and red-fire, and all the rest, and then go home at night to the wife and kiddies with sore feet and a hole burned in your Sunday-go-to-meeting ‘‘pants,’’ but proudly conscious that you’ve done your duty and saved the country. Yes,we’ll “wake up please,” but we like our dream. Well, anyway the parade was all right and we’ve got to hand it to the 4th Block for the glory they shed upon the occasion by their fine marching. The rest of the line looked like something you couldn’t believe beside them. Although the 7th Block did pretty well, but to the 4th must go the Encomiums, the Victor’s Wreath, and the applause. They marched like the veterans of the Sccial War. They doubtless are. We would like to see a competition arranged between them and the 1st Block. We don’t know who’d win, but we do know there’d be some fancy stepping.

The Professor did his best to warm things up for us by having his musicians play “Tipperary’’ for the opening number of the afternoon’s Musicale, and the music furnished was all of the liveliest nature.

The ever welcome Mr. Kraupa, with his promise of good things to come, was present with a couple of friends, while Mr. Dipple circulated about the grounds radiating encouragement.

The Club is particuarly happy in its friends and he is a cur indeed who doesn’t feel and show thankfulness for its great and unselfish help. Those of our number who have known and tested prison life under the old conditicns can best appreciate the conditions of the present, can best know what the Warden and Board of Inspecters with the co-operation of our friends of the outside,have done for us in giving us congenial work and clean amusement and the opportunitv through co-operation and a measure of self-goverment, to acquire the mental discipline that makes for real manhood. It is our task to so live and work to- gether as to keep these conditions unimpaired and by results, unmistakably shown, win even a greater measure of confldence, and for such end we ask the hearty co-operation of every inmate and every member of the Club.

The ball games of the afternoon we don’t know whether to class as comedy or tragedy or just plain farce. There were thrills enough and fun enough for all three, and the "fans’’ certainly got their worth. But we hesitate to mention the scores for fear our reputation for veracity, which we have labored so hard to build up, will be forever gone. But we will show the score cards to any sincere inquirer. The ‘‘Bloody Fifth” lived up to their sanguinary title in the manner they treated the 4th Block, but the 4th revenged itself later onby the ‘‘lacing’’ it gave the 7th Block. Next Saturday, Oct. 13th, the Frst Section will be out as follows: 1 B, 9 B, 10 B, 8 B, 6 B, 6 G, 12 B, 12 B-1G, 12 B-2 G, 11 B.

— B 8266.