---
author: B-8266
day: '10'
editor: B-7413
id: '3117'
image: umpire_1917_168.jpg
issue: '40'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' charity'
title: H.F.C. "X-Mas" Fund
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

H. F. C. “XMAS” FUND

The H. F. C. stands for preparedness in everything; hence this appeal by the President and officers of the Club to all members and inmates and friends for funds to inaugurate the Club’s special charity: The Kiddies’ Christmas Fund.

The most of us are familar with its purpose, the providing of toys, clothing, sweets, etc., for the children of our poorer inmates on that one day of the year when it is the child’s inalienable right to be happy.

What better thing could we do than make two toys grow where only one grew before? Maybe none! To help some overburdened mother provide warm garments for little bodies which would otherwise go ill protected; to fill a too often empty ‘‘tummy’’ with lolli- pops, all-day suckers, and all the other things so dear to a child’s heart. Why! the worst miser of our company would be delighted to contribute to such a cause; the worst ‘‘smoker’’ of the bunch should be willing to smoke a cigarette or two the less a day, and give the savings to the fund. The flag merchants, millionaires-to-be, should be glad to contribute a percentage of their earnings; say ten per cent. The bead-workers also, though perhaps a lesser percentage. While as for our leisure ‘‘Clawss’” who live so famously on their incomes, let them give generously, and so be guilty of doing good for at least once in their lives.

Be sure you will never regret your giving; to awaken on Christmas morning, and know that somewhere a little child, who would otherwise face the tragedy of an empty stocking ( Did you ever wake up on Christmas morning and find an empty stocking?), is clapping happy hands, and crowing in delight, because of your gift; it will give a pleasant feeling about the midriff, which not even turkey and all the ‘‘fixins’’ could supply. Take our advice and try once.

Think of the kiddies and just how much you could afford to contribute towards their happiness; don’t be afraid of being too gener- ous; we can use all you can give. Think of them, boys; maybe past experience will help, but anyway just think of the joy your gift will bring to some home, some poor little home, so forlorn and lonely. Think of the dear little children in that home patiently waiting for ‘‘Santa Claus.” Will he never come to brighten or will he? It is in your hands to do this for them.

Give your number, together with the amount you can afford to give to the fund, to the delegate on your block or gallery. He in turn will bring them to the Vice-President’s office on the 11th Block. Credit for your kindness will be given by publishing the number of each man donating to the fund in the columns of this paper. Come on, boys, wake up! Show them what we can do. And always remember, the Lord was a cheerful giver.

— B 8266.