---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: B-7413
id: '3123'
image: umpire_1917_169.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Telegraph
- ' whatsbeingread'
title: The Stupidity of Crime
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

LEARNING TO FORGET

“Two and two are four—four and three are seven, That was all that he could say—as he sat in heaven.”

The above few lines are taken from one of the most striking poems written last year. Its strength lies in the manner in which it depicts the dead level of monotony that is so apt to fix itself on a man who does the same thing every day. His life is directed in a narrow groove.

Many a man’s existence has become monotonous simply because he has never put himself in the way of a new thrill. To break monotony one must introduce new things into his life constantly. The first step is to enlarge your share of interest. When you get through with your daily duties, forget that they ever existed. Turn your attention to other activities—get a glimpse of things outside the routine.

Many men have added figures in the daytime who have made studies of the philosophers, the poets, the sciences, the Bible, in the evening. Any one can introduce their topic in a conversation and they will hold their own with any specialist on their favorite subject. The same avenues are wide open to any man. 

It is unnecessary to become the victim of monotony. It is possible for every life to overleap the boundaries which have a tendency to hold it down. There is no denying the imminent and constant danger of enslavement when one is compelled to do the same thing from day to day. But there is also abundant proof of the possibilities of emancipation. The living of the larger life is not a matter of invironment. Itis a matter of soul. Some of the biggest lives the world has ever seen were lived for years in the most straightened circumstances.

When you get through with a task, learn to forget it. Occupy your mind with new thoughts, engage yourself innew books, new studies; spend your spare moments seeking added enlightenment on things which interest you and you will be suprised how soon your present monotonous life will take on new color. A prisoner’s life is dull and tedious, 'tis true; but so is many a man’s on the outside even while surrounded with opportunities of escape from monotony.

There is no reason why any man should stay in a groove. He may have no immediate prospects for a change, but it is not necessary that he should have. The thing to be guard- ed against is the danger of letting his life become conformed to his occupation. There are many opportunities, even in prison, that cost nothing, which permit a man to broad- en hislife. There is absolutely no valid reason why any prisoner who reads this should ever be confined to the limits of

“Two and two make four, Four and three are seven ”’

— New Era.