---
author: New Era
day: '17'
editor: B-7413
id: '3124'
image: umpire_1917_169.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- New Era
- ' advice'
title: Learning to Forget
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE STUPIDITY OF CRIME

Hardly a day passes that does not furnish an example of the folly of crime and the ultimate result of that policy. Under the above title the Telegraph mentions the case of a man named Levy who thought it a clever game to fool others and make ‘‘easy money," but instead he will for the next two years have time to commune with himself, and incidentally have many sighs of regret’ over his stupidity in not being able to see that it pays handsomely to play the straight game, especialy these days when the demand for help is so incessant.

Even a man of the most mediocre ability is now able to command at least three dollars for an eight-hour day’s work, not to mention a host of others who are getting twice that amount.

As there are approximately six hundred working days in two years, which if figured at three dollars per day would total eighteen. hundred dollars, and the sum that Levy bartered his liberty for was less than three hundred dollars, it does not require any hard thinking to see that Levy would have been some fifteen hundred to the good, if he had played a straight game, not to say anything of his liberty and lost prestige.

As the writer puts it Levy ‘‘will have sufficient opportunity to ponder over his foolish past and think of the great wisdom of the words of Abraham Lincoln.

It was Levy who posed as Frank Daniels, the eldest son of the Secretary of the Navy. And in this guise he had no trouble in borrow- ing $250 from a Federal officer in New York, and $30 from the superintendent of a storage battery company in New Jersey. So easily are some of the people fooled some “of the time that he even managed to gain entrance into the Brooklyn Navy Yard after his fea- tures had been compared to a photograph of the real Daniels.

But Levy made the usual mistake of trying to work a good thing beyond its logical limit, and in the end he came to grief. Naturally people began to wonder why the financially embarrassed Mr. Daniels didn’t oceasionally vary the program a bit, and appeal to the paternal treasury, and this curiosity taking concrete form, he landed into the hands of the Federal authorities.

Two years seem like a long time to ponder over one’s mistakes. But it may not be too long for the slow comprehension of Levy. Based on his apparent stupidity, it may take him quite all of the two years to realize that you can’t fool all the people all the time.