---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: B-7413
id: '3127'
image: umpire_1917_170.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Good Words
- ' advice'
- ' prison reform'
title: Food for Serious Thought
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

FOOD FOR SERIOUS THOUGHT

In a letter to the editor of Good Words, the well known writer, Leigh Mitchell Hodges, voices his sentiment in regard to the man doing time in no uncertain way. Mr. Hodges has for a long time been a sincere advocate of modern methods in prison management,and a true friend of the prison inmates, but his confidence has been abused by those he trusted and he is of the opinion that many prisoners do not improve themselves while in prison by a sincere desire to lead a new and better life.

In his summing up Mr. Hodges says:

No matter how fair the state may be; no matter how just the court; no matter how humane the attitude of society; all these things count for little if the prisoner himself is not willing to supplement them with a bettered purpose and a higher aim.

Every time a priconer makes it appear he is ready to use his freedom properly and then goes out and misuses it, he not only harms himself but the whole cause of prison betterment.

Every time a prisoner makes a plea for consideration and after that plea has been granted, shows himself undeserving of consideration, he strikes a blow at prison betterment which is bound to react in more ways than he can imagine. So while many able and wise men are devoting their energies to the solution of this growing problem of humane conservation, their efforts constantly are being weakened by some of those they are striving to help.

These are facts about which every man in prison ought to think seriously. He who walks out of the gates a free man should remember that the world sees in him not only an individual, but a group. If he comes from Atlanta, the world sees in him the entire lprison population of Atlanta. If he comes from Sing-Sing, he is not only John Jones to the world, but he is Sing Sing.

I do not mean the world is so vindictive as some think, and persists in attaching the prison stigma to him. I mean that he stands as the shuns the representative of a group. So what he does is to benefit or harm not only himself, but also the group he represents.

There is no use in prisoners asking for consideration unless they are willing to give some consideration in return. There is no use in railing at a system and then betraying its benefits.

One real way to hasten prison betterment in this country is for the released men to prove themselves worthy of consideration.

All the pleas that couid come out of all the prisons would not gain so much as living examples of men who make good when they are released.

I know there are such men. I know it is possible thus to make good and I am sure the dawn of prison betterment awaits only an increasing number of these men, so that the public may feel justified in working for a larger measure of justice and humanity.