---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: B-7413
id: '3130'
image: umpire_1917_170.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- opinion
title: How's Your Brain?
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HOW’S YOUR BRAIN ?

Most of us are not on very good terms with our brains. It is rare to find a man who is really comfortable in their possession; the most painful process for many persons is to think.

Consider how great a share of our recrea- tions are an attempt to escape cerebral activity. We positively try to abdicate our intellects. Why else should a man go on a “bender?” Why else do we throng the amusement parks, where thousands seek mental annihilation in such edifying institutions as the ‘‘bug house,” the “shoot the chutes’’ and the ‘‘palace of piffle?’’

The truth is we are a restless, nervous race, oppressed by our brains. We haven’t become accustomed to them yet, says a writer in the Chicago Tribune.

Measured by the standards of an ancient world, the cerebral organ that distinguishes man is a recent acquirement or development, We have not succeeded in orienting it, as other fauna have oriented their more limited intelligence. The brain of man is described by scientists as large and convoluted, while that of fish is said to be small and smooth., Considering the happy, equable life of a fish we may sometimes question the advan- tage of possessing those cerebral convulsions, but, on the other hand, no one would willingly consent to be a fish.

The customary methods of abdicating intellect afford only temporary relief. The only solution is intensive cultivation and control of the cerebral organ. With a little daily effort it is possible to get on pretty friendly terms with the old bean.