---
author: Unknown
day: '17'
editor: B-7413
id: '3132'
image: umpire_1917_171.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- wonder
- ' Beijing'
title: A Most Beautiful Ceiling
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

A MOST BEAUTIFUL CEILING

One of the most beautiful and elaborate pieces of embroidery ever exhibited in New York was the ceiling of the council chamber of the imperial palace at Peking. This ceiling was formed of yellow silk of heavy quality that much resembled faille in the weave. The back of a greenish blue, woven in a small diamond pattern. The total measurements of it all were twenty-one feet six inches long and nineteen feet six inches wide.

The design with which it was embellished was an imperial dragon in the center and four others, one in each corner. Encircling these a groundwork was formed of cloud pattern, and dispersed were small bats and other symbols. The cloud effect was worked out in blue and purple and the bats in pink. The dragons were largely gold work,and a three- fold line of gold surrounded each part of the design. The story of this ceiling and how it came to New York includes a small part of Chinese history and custom, declares the St. Louis Post.

It was in the imperial council chamber at Peking that the envoys of the various nations met in 1902 to settle the Boxer difficulties. At the close of the session a representative of the emperor courteously informed them that the contents of the chamber were considered profaned by the presence of foreigners and that they were at liberty to divide among themselves the chamber’s furnishings. In this manner the ceiling fell to the share of the American envoy.