---
author: B-8266
day: '17'
editor: B-7413
id: '3138'
image: umpire_1917_172.jpg
issue: '41'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' music'
- ' entertainment'
- ' vaudeville'
- ' movies'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The entertaiment furnished the First Section, in the Club hall, on last Saturday afternoon, was varied enough to be pleasing to all, and of so high a standard as to please the most exacting. It might have been a little longer had the projecting machine been a little less balky, but it was enough, and everybody went home in the best humor, after having enjoyed several good laughs, and almost as many thrills, and who would ask more? ‘‘Pete” opened the session at 1:15 with a speech from the throne, in which he counselled good behavior, and was followed up a little later by the President in person, who announced that the future of our entertainments lay in our own hands, that we could make them, or mar them, as we wished, that constant good behavior was the price of amusement, and that we could pay it or refuse it, as we would. So now it’s up to us, boys, to show ’em.

The Professor and his devoted band then set every one’s feet a-tapping by tearing off a few yards of ‘‘rag,” and had everybody smiling, ready for the first act. Miss Russell had present a goodly array of talent, but only the male portion of the same were allowed to perform, owing to the new regula- tions against female performers. Miss Russell was, of course, dissappointed, not having learned of the restriction, but did nobly with the remainder of her program. Lingerman, ventriloquist, opened in ‘‘one,’’ and pleased his audience from the start. His three “dummies,” Tommy, Sambo, and Johnnie, were manipulated with skill, and their apt replies to his questioning delighted the audience. He caused his voice to ascend the wall to the roof, and back again. He spoke a few sentences into a mere newspaper cone,and the cone apparently repeated them, a la phonograph, and in general amused and mystified his hearers. We wish devoutly that some of our yard orators would learn his trick of voice changing at frequent intervals, they would be listened to with a more sustained interest.

Next to appear was a gentleman, whose name we were unable to learn, who entertain us with several songs of his own composition, notably, ‘‘That Chicken Belongs to Me,’’ with its catchy refrain of “Children of Zion, please sit down; dat chicken belongs to me,” which particularly pleased the colored portion of the audience. He also obliged us with a Saxophone solo, about which we will have to see the Professor before venturing a eriticism. The next gentleman, whom we believe to be Mr. Haines, was easily the “hit” of the day, with his ‘‘patter,’’ and eccentric dancing, and contortionist work. There were those who feared he would never come untied during some of his most daring ventures into the realm of ‘‘slip-knots,” and “diamond-hitched’’ with himself as subject matter; but he always came up smiling, replaced collar, tie, coat, hat, and vest in one and a half moments, which performance always evoked wild applause; and was ready for the next seemingly impossible position.

He was a sure-fire winner with that large portion of the audience which sought only to be amused. But the ‘‘high-brows’’ came into their own with the next number, by a gentleman, whom for want of a bettername, we shall call the Great Unknown. We don’t know whether he was Caruso, or Caruso’s cousin, a tenor, ora basso—as we have already mentioned, our musical ear, and know- ledge, is best described as non est—we only know that he could sing, and that we would like to hear him again. .He sang that fine bullad “Mammy’s Little Coal Black Rose,’’ ‘‘Smile, and Show Your Dimple," “My World,’’ and in response to the insistent applause, ‘‘Because She had Ideas of Her Own.”

This concluded the vaudeville portion of the afternoon’s entertainment, and Miss Russell turned us over to the care of Mr. Kraupa, whose lieutenants, and Hon. J. Mulligan, the redoubtable “Doc,’’ etc.,had been struggling for more than an hour with the machine trying to overcome its apparently invincible determination to get away from them on the curves, and spread devastation through the audience. Finally Mr. Kraupa thought it safe to make the trial, and with ‘‘Doc’s” trained hand on its pulse, and the Honorable Jimmy feeding it; while a visiting expert from the Universal Film Company acted as consulting physician the essay was done.

The film was one of the famous Mack Sen- net Comedies, entitled "A Village Vampire,” and a good one of its kind. There was every sort of thrill in it, with the Vampire ‘‘vamping’’ from start to finish. The manner in which she ‘‘vamped’’ her way upstairs seem- ed to make quite a hit with the audience. There was racing and chasing by train, by auto, by horse, and muleback, and a general whirlwind of action till the scene in the final reel, when, with one-half the actors tied to posts, etc., in the burning ore-mill, the hero, bound, and unconscious, on the feeding belt, rapidly approaching the rock-crusher, the villains escaping by the aerial tramway, with a boatload of ‘‘cops’’ firing at them from the river beneath; yes, there were thrills enough, but of course virtue triumphed in the end, it really does, by the way, if you will pardon the pun, and left the hero and beautiful young heroine in that famous movie ‘‘clinch’’ which should rightfully be headlined as ‘‘Calm After Storm,’’ and everybody went away pleased and hoping Mr. Kraupa would bring on some more of the same. We always like to see such a happy mixture of fun and thrills, a little love for sweetening and a little laughter. We sincerely hope that both Miss Russell and Mr. Kraupa will long be spared to us, as their equals in unselfish work for our welfare, we could scarcely hope to find.

Next Saturday, October 20th, the Second Section will be out as follows: 3B, 7G, 7B, 5B, 5G, 4B, 4G. —B 8266.