---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: B-7413
id: '3142'
image: umpire_1917_173.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' draft'
title: President Approves New Draft for 9,000,000 Men
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

PRESIDENT APPROVES NEW DRAFT FOR 9,000,000 MEN

It is announced that the President has approved the new draft regulations which will be promulgated soon to govern the selection of the remainder of the registered men for the National Army.

The new plan aims to classify each of the 9,000,000 not yet drafted in his place in the national scheme of defense and to postpone the drafting of men most needed in war industries and those having dependents.

To each registered man a questionnaire will be sent for him to fill out and return to his local board. Upon perusal of the questionnaire, he will be assigned to one of five classes. If he is dissatisfied with the position assigned him by the local board he has the right of appeal to the district board to change his status.

Class No. 1, the first from which the armies will be drawn, will include all physically fit men who have nothing to keep them from serving.

Class No. 2 will include those less fit or those engaged in an industry necessary to the prosecution of the war.

Class No. 3, those still less fit or highly skilled operators.

Class No. 4 will contain men who should be the last to be taken.

Class No. 5 will be known as the ‘‘discard class,’’ and in it will be placed those wholly unfit for military service, either on account of total physical disability or indispensability to the Government in other service.

The local boards will immediately compile a list of all the registered men under their jurisdiction and to each of these they will mail a questionnaire resembling a very rigid cross-examination. Men will be allowed seven days in which to return the questionnaire to the board, which will immediately assign them to their respective classes.

Each man’s draft order number will be entered on his questionnaire and will determine his order in the class columns at the local board headquarters.

In drawing the men for service, class number one will first be exhausted, the other classes following in their numerical order. If a man is called for physical examination and turned down on account of total disability, he will be assigned to class five, which probably never will be called out.

By the time the selection begins, it is emphasized, all will have had a chance for appeal to their district boards for assignment to a less liable class. Thisis expected greatly to facilitate the quick drawing of men as the needs of the Government dictate.