---
author: B-8266
day: '24'
editor: B-7413
id: '3147'
image: umpire_1917_173.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' movies'
- ' entertainment'
- ' vaudeville'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Second Section, and their guests, had a royally good time on its bi-weekly outing of Saturday afternoon, the 20th. There was speech-making. A 8432, Vice-President, led off with a few words of welcome— and warning; our President, the only ‘‘Rube’’ of our acquaintance who has never been trimmed, made it a little more emphatic; while Mr. Kraupa made the welcome announcement that the “Honor System’’ had been booked for the weeks of December 22-29; he was good enough to hope that most of those present would be out by that time, which as the late Proctor Knott would say, is an irridescent dream. There was music of the best, the Professor and his gallant band furnishing the first thrill by their rendition of the International Quick-Step, a medley of patriotic airs, which fired the hearts of all with the desire to do and dare, and maybe die, for Someone, or Something, or Someplace, Somewhere in France. A recruiting sergeant could have had the whole of us at that moment. There were good pictures, furnishing both laughter and thrills, the meat and Jrink of life, while Miss Russell, the Fairy Godmother of the Club, bad provided some of the most amusing ‘‘acts’’ in captivity for our delectation. We feel sure that not a member of the audience but would have voted it the end of a Perfect Day, when the whistle blew for ‘‘tea.”

A multiple reel drama, “A Woman Wills,” with Elsie Le Claire in the stellar role, began the afternoon’s entertairment. Miss Le Claire portrays a madcap maiden, who, while still at boarding-school sees a fascinating young lieutenant and marks him for her prey—though we all knew from the start that there was not the slightest chance of the poor fellow escaping, still we followed the chase with interest to the inevitable end- ing, when, the villain’s machinations foiled, the ‘‘happy’’ pair clinch for a ‘‘fade-out’’ finish. What impressed us most was the great outburst of applause from the audience, when in the final scene, the police appear upon the scene, and the villain, in this case, a spy, is ruined in his very moment of triumph.

Gentle readers, was it ever thus? Did you ever greet the police with cheers, when in your supposed moment of triumph they appeared upon the scene? I wot not. And yet there isn’t a man of us but would be ‘‘peeved’’ should our favorite book, or play. or picture, end with vice triumphant. Can any of our Yard ‘‘philosophers" explain this anomaly? We personally think it a proof that we still retain our natural instinct for the right, and we respectfully suggesttoyou, gentle reader, that you cultivate it a little. To play a ‘‘hero” part in the scheme of life, is much more comfortable than to play the “yillain,’’ and a blame sight safer.

Our F. G. then waved her wand, we mean hand, and appeared Professor Peaks and his blockheads, a kind of sublimated Punch and Judy show, which kept the audience in a roar of laughter from start to finish. The antics of the little puppets were indeed ludicrous, and we tender Mr. Peaks our thanks for a quarter of an hour of pure fun. The Wulkel Kids, a very small boy and a not-so-much larger girl, appeared next: in singing, dancing and joking, they made a brave showing, and we venture to predict, will be ‘‘head- liners’’ some day. Mr. Charles Leonard, comedian, made a decided hit with his songs and “patter,” and we can assure Mr. Leonard of a hearty welcome if he should ever return; we mean a temporary return, of course. Allen & Collins’ sorgs and ‘‘patter” were also vary good, their singing of “Kilkenny’’ and ‘“There’s Something in the Name of Ireland,’’ in such manner as to earn hearty applause, but it was the ‘‘business” that won the laughs. We thank you, gentlemen, and we will be here with a hearty welcome should you ever cave to return. We think there’s something in the name of Ireland ourselves; and as for Kilkenny, we have a brood of its famous cats, judging by the voices of the night, here residing with us. Last, but very far from least, came Mr. propriately styled the ‘‘Nordica of Vaudeville,” who repeated his triumph of the preceding Saturday. We hope he comes every Saturday; we’re a second Oliver Twist when it comes to singing, and Mr. Haynes can certainly ‘‘deliver the goods.”

The vaudeville portion of the afternoon’s entertainment concluded, Mr. Kraupa gave us another picture, a two-reel farce called “Mr. Droppington’s Family Tree’’ with the inimitable Ches Conklin in the title role. It was a ‘‘secream’’ from beginning to end, vied in the amount of crockery broken, the number of involuntary ‘‘flip-flops’’ turned, the number of pies and other eatibles used as ammunition, with any of Charles Chaplin’s comedies. We enjoyed it, every one, and we tender our sincerest thanks to Mr. Kraupa for his part in the day’s entertainment. He and Miss Russell are spinning a thread of gold into the dull gray of our lives by their weekly provision for our amusement.

We must congratulate the members of the sections upon the good order maintained so far, and we earnestly hope that this record will be maintained unimpaired until the end of the season. The continuance of the entertainments depends entirely upon our preserving perfect order and the keeping to the letter of the rules laid down to us. Any one who finds it too hard a task to refrain from the use of tobacco for a few hours, to be quiet and gentlemanly for the same length of time, has our full permission to remain in his apartments for the afternoon, in fact, he would be doing his fellow-inmates a favor by doing so. Any one whose acts should cause the stopping of these entertainments would be decidedly ‘‘personanon grata’’ with the rest of us, and we could use a stronger phase. 

We regret to report that the contributions to the ‘‘Kiddies’ Xmas Fund’’ have been so fow as to lead us to believe that our munition (bead) workers must be saving up for a hard winter; we can assure them that they can loosen up without danger of starvation. Judging by the ‘‘collections’’ of the last few days money is the thing to be sought after, so why not give it for the benefit of the ‘‘Kiddies?’’ Surely some of us were young once upon a time, and have known the delights of tree and stocking, or known the misery of deprivation, the envy of our more fortunate playmates. Can any one remember this, and still keep that unnecessary ‘‘jitney’’ in his mattress? We hope not, and we hope in the next few days to see.such a flood of contri- butions as will ensure every ‘‘kiddie’’ of every inmate a Happy Christmas.

On next Saturday, October 27, the First Section has its inning, the batting order as follows: 9 B, 8 B, 6 B, 6 G, 12 B; 12-1G; 12 B 2 G, 11 B, 1B.

— B 8266.