---
author: Unknown
day: '24'
editor: B-7413
id: '3155'
image: umpire_1917_175.jpg
issue: '42'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- baseball
title: The Speed of a Pitched Ball
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE SPEED OF A PITCHED BALL

“A pitched ball has been shown to travel a little over two miles a minute,” says Frank B. Gilbreth, the well-known efficiency engineer and who has specialized in motion study, knows probably more about champions than any other man—champion golf players, champion fencers, champion baseball players, champion handkerchief folders, champion surgeons and champion typewriters. In his efforts to dircover the fundamental laws of human motion, he studies every sport and every handicraft, says Popular Science Monthly. But he studies with the camera—the motion-picture camera—not with the eye.

Since it is necessary to know the time occupied in carrying out a given motion, sometimes to the thousandth of a second, and since camera cranks are never turned uniformly, Gilbreth has invented a special clock with the scene. Itisa very peculiar clock, for it has only one hand, which makes six revolutions every second. That clock appears on every film and the position of its hands enables Gilbreth to determine the speed of a motion down to one-millionth of an hour.

Behind a baseball catcher a background is hung, ruled off into one foot squares. Every movement of the pitcher, catcher, batter, ball and bat is photographed against that background. Thus by referring to that background in the film the direction and extent of every motion can be accurately determined.

With White in the box, Mullaney catching and Snodgrass at second, it required 4.407 seconds to pitch the ball (including the ‘‘wind- up’’) and return it from the batter to second for a put-out. The actual time that elapsed from the moment that the ball left the hand of the pitcher to the moment when it dropped into the glove of the second baseman was 1.607 seconds. The actual time consumed from the pitcher to catcher was 0.451 second—a rate of somewhat more than two miles a minute. The catcher recovered to launch the ball at second base in0.316 second. It required only 0.769 second to throw the ball from catcher to second base, a distance of 129 feet. The record for a 100-yard dash is only 9 8-5 seconds. No wonder bases are difficult to steal.

Gilbreth’s films are interesting in showing how long it takesa player to make up his mind what to do next. A baseball player must make quick decisions. A delay of a tenth of a second may be fatal.

Strange things are revealed by Gilbreth’s camera. So swiftly does the ball travel that it is struck by the bat before the pitcher’s foot has risen toits full height fromthe ground. Some pictures show the ball in the catcher’s glove before the batter even began to strike. A baseball club is a model of team-work. And yet, the New York baseball team knows less of itself than does Gilbreth.