---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: B-7413
id: '3165'
image: umpire_1917_177.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- gold
- ' treasury'
title: How Half Billion in Gold in Sub-Treasury is Protected
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HOW HALF BILLION IN GOLD IN SUB-TREASURY IS PROTECTED

According to all accounts elaborate precautions have been taken to protect the sub- treasury building, at Wall and Nassau streets, New York, and the hundreds of millions of dollars in money and bullion its vanlts contain. Fearing that some misguided foreign patriot may attempt a bomb outrage, the city and government are co-operating to protect what is probably the largest store of currency and specie in any one place in the world.

Several months ago the vaults contained $152,000,000 in gold coin and $231,000,000 in gold bars. Since then it is believed that accumulation has been greatly increased by shipments of gold from Europe. A large banker in Wall street expressed the belief a few days ago that the sub-treasury vaults contained not less than $500,000,000 in gold coin and bars. It is said that Russia at one time had a ‘‘war chest’’ of $400,000,000 in gold and for years there has been unofficial reperts that the great indemnity mulcted from France by Germany in 1871 had been kept intact in a “‘warchest,’’ but so far as officially reported, the store of gold at Wall and Nassau streets at this moment exceeds any other accumulation.

Between the narrow sidewalk in Nassau street and the gray granite sub-treasury building is a deep areaway only three feet wide, but running from twelve to eighteen feet in depth. This areaway extends down along the exterior of the gold vaults.

Workmen have recently installed four electric arc lamps along the Nassau street side of the building. A little after dark those lights are turned on and they flood the hereto dark and deep areaway with light.

Other lights have been placed at the front of the building, in Wall street; at the rear, in Pine street, and along the eastern side, facing the assay office, so that the sub-treasury is now one of the most thoroughly lighted buildings in New York, and while not as gaudy and colorful asa Broadway cabaret restaurant the lighting is much more thorough.

In addition to the lights is an increased force of guards attached to the treasury department, co-operating with more policemen than ever before assigned to that place, either day or night. At each corner of the building an armed guard not in uniform was placed, while another walked up and down in Nassau street, another in Wall street, a third in Pine street and another in the lot to the east, where the addition to the assay office is to be erected.

As an extra precaution to the guards two extra policemen in uniform are assigned to that street intersection, one standing at the corner, while the other patrolled. In co-opperating with the government the police department has arranged a code of signals to summon a large body of policemen, always on reserve in the Old Slip station. So there is now no chance to tap the Goverment till.