---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: B-7413
id: '3167'
image: umpire_1917_177.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Labrador
- ' wonders'
- ' geography'
title: Wonderful Lakes Discovered in Labrador
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WONDERFUL LAKES DISCOVERED IN LABRADOR

According to a correspondent of St. Johns, N. F., a chain of lakes hitherto unmapped and rivers equally unknown were traversed in. the interior of Labrador by the exploring parties of representatives of the National Geographic Society and the Carnegie Museum, Pittsburg, which arrived here recently.

The journey covered about 750 miles over a route never before traveled by white men. Even five Indians who were taken along as guides proved to be unfamiliar with the country. 

The party left Seven Islands Bay, on the north side of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, about the end of May, and traveled north by canoe and portages, reaching Fort Chimo, near Ungave Bay, on August 22. In addition to mapping the country, they studied its natural history.

It is declared by W. E. C. Todd, leader of the party, that the existing maps of a large district were found to be inaccurate and altogether misleading, having been made by guesswork from information supplied by the Indians.

Those who were instrumental in passing the Federal migratory bird law in 1913 may well feel proud of themselves, bird census data indicating an increase of from 10 to 100 percent in the water fowl breeding in a number of specially examined localities.