---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: B-7413
id: '3172'
image: umpire_1917_178.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Magazine of Mysteries
- ' advice'
title: Live Above the Things That Hurt
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

LIVE ABOVE THINGS THAT HURT

Do you remember the griefs of your childhood? Very few, you answer. Why is this? Is it not because as you grew older you changed your point of view, you accepted new and different ideals, you became absorbed in different interests, and so forgot the sufferings that at the time seemed unbearable, asks a writer in the Magazine of Mysteries.

Now, dear reader, I want to make this lesson as practical as possible; therefore, I must say, start right in from this moment, to live above the things that hurt. No matter what has happened through your ignorance, or that of others; no matter how hard or bitter has been the suffering, you can forget it. You can displace the pictures of evil with others that are fair and beautiful. But first of all you must forgive those who have caused you suffering. You must forgive yourself, if need be, and when you have done this, that is, when you have taken away, banished from your mind the sting of the memory, you will be able to fill your mind with happier thoughts. You will see yourself in a larger, better light, and begin to realize the childishness of holding a grugde, or of thinking how someone has wronged you. “But,’’ I hear you say, ‘‘how can I help it, when I seem to be in the midst of it all the time?”

In this way, dear reader you can deliberately speak and sing words of praise and thanksgiving. What for, you ask? Why, for the privilege of correcting this condition. Is it not something to be thankful for that you have the privilege of conquering in harmony; of changing the unlovely into the lovely? Is it not worth while to thank God that He has made you able to be master of your moods and feelings?

I am sure that you will think so when you have tried it.

There is never a day but what you can give thanks for the blessings that day bas brought you. There is never an hour that you can net sing a praise song. This will be the way by which you can enter into a new life, and become a new creature. You will no longer be lonely and misunderstood, but you will be radiant and joyous, an angel of sunshine to everybody around you. Life will bring to yourself all that means harmony and happiness. Life will mean love and brightness as it should. Try this, brother, and see if you are not blessed.