---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: B-7413
id: '3175'
image: umpire_1917_178.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- navy
- ' war'
- ' information literature'
title: Farragut and Nelson
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

FARRAGUT AND NELSON

The entrance of the United States into the world war did more than increase the already overwhelming preponderance of the allied fleets; it reinforced the fleet whose greatest hero is Nelson with the fleet whose greatest hero is Farragut.

Nelson’s two greatest achievements, says Harry Merril Hitchcock in Navy and Merchant Marine, were the victories of Aboukir and Trafalgar. Before Aboukir, he lay outside Toulon, waiting for the French fleet to come out, they dia come out, eluded him and got as far as Egypt before he caught up and smashed them. Seven years later,. before Trafalgar, in precisely the same fashion he waited outside for Villeneuve, and ultimately chased him as far as the West Indies and back before catching him at Trafalgar.

Farragut’s two greatest achievements were the capture of New Orleans and the victory of Mobile Bay. His problem before each of them was fundamentally the same as Nelson’s. Farragut’s solution, however, differed radically from Nelson’s. He did not wait outside for his enemy; he went in after him.

The comparison may not entirely be fair to the great British admiral. But we are not merely making a historical comparison between two men; we are using them as typical representatives, each of the traditional navy strategy of which he is the greatest hero.

Nelson’s strategy has been, with few exceptions, the standard British naval strategy; it has been the Dritish strategy during three years of the present war, Farragut’s strategy was also that of Dahlgren at Charleston and Porter at Fort Fisher; it was the strategy of Dewey at Manila; and there are men now on the bridges of our dreadnoughts who followed that great pupil of Farragut into Manila Bay on that memorable May morning.

The principals of naval strategy never change. The problem of the submarine is simply the latest and most sinister form of a problem as old as naval warfare. While Nelson lay outside Toulon and Brest and St. Navaire, swarms of privateers issued from those ports, and played such havoc with British commerce on the seven seas as the submarines, in proportion to their opportunities, have yet to approach. Before Farraguttook New Orleans and went into Mobile Bay, those two ports were nestsof blockade runners and raiders, but when he had finished with the nests, the wasps troubled him no more.