---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: B-7413
id: '3176'
image: umpire_1917_179.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- war
- ' poison gas'
title: Deadly Poison Gas
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

DEADLY POISON GAS

Testimony as to the horrible eftects of the new form of poison gas introduced by the Germans on the Western front is given by Miss. Clara G. Perry, of Boston, who is now driving an ambulance for the French army in Northern France, in the following letter, published in the Boston Advertiser, which was recently received from her at the New England headquarters of the American Fund for French wounded:—

The gas cases are awful, this horrible new kind, that blinds or burns after a few days, and that penetrates the gas mask, and is, I believe, infectious—at least, they tell us we must be careful.

The refugees from Armentieres were a pitiful sight—coughing, half blinded by the gas and half clothed, just as they were saved from a bombardment, Our medicine chief is himself from the North, and you can realize how much he feels all this sorrow and how well he will know how to distribute our help. We are having very hard work just now, for the ‘‘train sanitaries’’ are bringing in crowds of wounded.

My work has been confined to Amiens, for I am driving a very heavy car, which carries “couches’’ (men lying down) chiefly, and is not suited for outside work. . .

Today being my ‘‘jour de repos,” I have been helping prepare the very absorbent cotton which your New England branch sent and which is so much finer and better than we can get here; your zinc and oxide adhesive plaster, which holds on the dressings so firmly, and your dressings and rolled bandages to cover the wounds.

Is it not a privilege and a coincidence that your work at home and mine here should fit it so opportunely? Of course, I shall only be able to do this occasionally, as usually the dressings are changed at the time when I have to clean my car and oil and gasoline it; but I ean show them how to apply the ambrine and every third day can help, for we have twenty-four hours duty every three days, and the next twenty-four en repos.

I am writing this in my room, where I am resting, having been driving last night until 2 o’clock.

Oh, you tireless home workers, you are wonderful! You only get little occasional bits of thanks for the happiness that you are sending to so many corners of France—and yet you work on, day after day, and week after week, never tiring and also unaware of what you mean in the lives of so many here. I take off my hat—I refer to my French army casque—to you. Yes, I have a helmet and a gas mask, neither of which I have yet had to wear. If the Germans see fit to visitus here, I hope it will be with good honest bombs and not with their hideous blinding gases!