---
author: Unknown
day: '31'
editor: B-7413
id: '3180'
image: umpire_1917_179.jpg
issue: '43'
layout: item
month: '10'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- Scientific American
- ' science'
title: Effects of Cold and Heat
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

EFFECTS OF COLD AND HEAT

The effects of freezing and thawing on building stones are to be tested at the United States Bureau of Standards by means of an ingenious form of apparatus designed for this purpose, says the Scientific American.

It is well known that all kinds of stones, slate, brick, concrete, etc., will disintegrate in time when exposed to the action of frost, especially in humid climates, like that of the eastern United States, the action being due to the freezing and consequent expansion of water held in the pores of the material.

It is obviously very desirable to ascertain the merits of differeat builcing materials as to their susceptibility to such damage, and many tests have been carried out for the purpose. The novel feature of the testing apparatus designated at the bureau is its rapidity of operation. The apparatus will automatically move a charge of stone, concrete, or other materialback and forth from a freezing chamber to a thawing chamber at the intervals required to completely congeal and thaw the contained moisture. It is expected that by this means eighty to one hundred freezings can be made in aday, whereas such a testformerly required several weeks. Thus it will be possible to determine definitely the number of freezings required to bring about a certain degree of disintegration.

Having obtained this information with respect to a given kind and grade of material, it should be possible, on the basis of climatie statistics, to predict approximately the number of years’ service it may be expected to give in a specified locality.