---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-7413
id: '3185'
image: umpire_1917_181.jpg
issue: '44'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- St. Louis Star
- ' war'
- ' war effort'
- ' editorial'
title: A Splendid Achievement
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

A SPLENDID ACHIEVEMENT

Now comes the usual criticisms of the Government for its failure, here and there, to have everything in applepie order at the cantonments when the troops arrived. These critics do not intend to be disloyal and create dissatisfaction with the Government, says the St. Louis Star, but that is the actual result of their fault-finding. If they could visualize the herculean nature of the job the Government undertook, when it began to organize an army of a million and a quarter men from the ground up, providing everything from nothing, they would exercise a little more patience and self-restraint when they find blankets short here, uniforms short there and heating apparatusshort somewhere else.

The most wonderful feat ever performed in a military way has been the creation of the new American Army and the construction of cantonments and manufacture of equipment. Nothing like itwasever attempted before on such a gigantic scale. The accomplishment has been phenomenal. The failures have been few, and none of them real failures,merely delays. Every American citizen should be proud of what has been done. No military nation of Europe believed it could be done.

All of Germany’s war policy has rested upon the theory that we could not do it. But we are doing it, and we will do even more. Ample money, ample natural resources, splendid industrial development and a business capacity unselfishly given to the service of the country, with abounding energy and the national characteristic of going at things in the shortest and most practicable way, are the secret of this great accomplishment. Let us shout praises instead of criticisms.