---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-7413
id: '3193'
image: umpire_1917_182.jpg
issue: '44'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- advice
title: Make Your Opportunities Count
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MAKE YOUR OPPORTUNITIES COUNT

Many a man has failed in life because he lacked ambition or faith in his ability to rise above pressing difficulties; while others again, waste precious time in needless routine work that could be avoided with profit to their advancement.

This leads one to believe that a man’s work should be so chosen and so carried out that at the end of each day’s labor the man himself shall be the gainer, and so able to say, ‘‘This day I worked as becomes me. I have expanded my ideas and developed my power to do and to dare.” By so thinking and doing he will have acquired an impetus to carry himself well on the road to success.

However, if you lack that quality do not be surprised that you stick in the same old rut, while some one else who you may believe to be your inferior, but who through desire for self-improvement has advanced to a correct understanding of the situation and secured a clear lead.

With every step upward progress becomes easier, and if a man continues to make the best of his opportunities there can be but little doubt about the final outcome; for the world loves a winner, and to such she offers her best. Thus it is easy to understand that the man making good in any line of business finds it much easier to add to his financial resources than the man who continually wails and finds fault.

By all means learn to note the success of others who have used the very same methods that are at your call. No one has a corner on brains, and no one can do what another cannot equal.

It is said that men working for $100 a month are to be found in great abundance, while $100 a day men are hard to find; the reason being that most men fail when opportunity knocks at their door.

We live in an age when opportunities and advantages are actually pleading with men to stretch out their hands and grasp them.

The general run of people have admiration for the men or women who accomplish great things in science, art, literature and business. The average man will sigh with regret and say that if he had been born with a superior brain, such as the noted ones seem to possess, he, too, might have become famous.

The man with the courage of his convictions, who knows he is right and who works with faith and firmness in the right, as his conscience will dictate, will advance desplte all criticisms and rebuffs.