---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-7413
id: '3194'
image: umpire_1917_182.jpg
issue: '44'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- labor
- ' war effort'
title: Compulsory Labor Laws
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

COMPULSORY LABOR LAWS

Compulsory labor laws have been enacted in Maryland and West Virginia, to meet the emergencies of war conditions. It is now required that every able-bodied male in the States mentioned, between the ages of eight- een and fifty shall register and hold themselves available for such employment as may be assigned them, providing they are not already employed. To some this may seem like an unwarranted interference with the traditional freedom of American citizenship but it is only anticipating a conditicn of necessity that inevitably will arrive if the war shail continue for a number of years.

No thoughtful person will question the right of the Government to draft its citizens for military service, and if it shall face a necessity for labor, rather than for fighting, the task may be none the less a military service and consequently an obligation upon the citizen. It would be within the extraordinary powers of the Government, justified by the necessities of war, to commardeer labor for a navy yard, for an ammunition plant, or for the industrial army necessary for the preparation and maintenence of army camps, if sufficient labor were not available through ordinary agencies. And there would be perfect analogy in recruiting men for farm work in the production of necessary supplies for the army, in the operation of mines for the production of necessary coal and iron, or on the railroads for the transportation of necessary supplies; and from present indications it looks very much as though such steps may be taken in the near future, owing to the scarcity of labor.

It seems clear that every citizen ought to be willing to do his part. There is no place for idlers in the performance of the national contract of war. The ‘‘work or fight” laws are in full consonance with the spiritof times, and it is to be hoped that they shall be found to be consistent with the constitutional letter.