---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-7413
id: '3198'
image: umpire_1917_182.jpg
issue: '44'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- wonders
- ' Petrograd'
title: Ice Road to Petrograd
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

ICE ROAD TO PETROGRAD

Canadian soldiers, who have seen railroad tracks laid on ice and operated throughout the winter on the St. Lawrence and other waterways where the ice is eighteen inches or more in thickness, believe that the Germans can march up the Gulf of Finland to Petrograd and build railroads on the ice as fast as they advance, asserts the N. Y. Commercial. The Baltic Sea contains only half as much salt as the oceans, and the water in the gulfs that run in from it is still fresher, so ice forms much more readily then in open seas. If the Gulf of Finland freezes up as solidly as is generally supposed winter night make the advance easier instead of harder.

When the trans-Siberian railroad was constructed tracks were laid on the ice across large rivers and lakes over which transportation was uninterrupted for months. In Canada tree trunks and telegraph poles are used for cross ties and are almos tinstantly attached to the ice by pouring water on snow shoveled around them. No grading is required and the result is a dead level air line track. On a graded roadbed American and Canadian construction gangs can lay ten miles or more of new track in a day and still faster work can be done on level ice. Of course, the feasibility of this plan depends on the kind of ice encountered in the Gulf of Finland inside the Reval. Ice eighteen inches thick will support a railroad track under heavy traffic.