---
author: Unknown
day: '7'
editor: B-7413
id: '3199'
image: umpire_1917_183.jpg
issue: '44'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- engineering
- ' reservoir'
title: An Engineering Marvel
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

AN ENGINEERING MARVEL

Were it not for the war, more general attention would be given to the completion of the Catskill reservoirs, by which New York adds a new water supply with a total capacity of 500,000,000 gallons to the present Croton supply of 336,000,000 gallons. The significance of the completion of the two dams in the Catskill Mountains, the Kensico and the Ashocan, and the distributing system does not lie, however, so much in theamount of water impounded and delivered to all parts of Greater New York, including Staten Island, but in the engineering marvels that have marked the prosecution of this great work, says the Public Ledger. In a way, the 120 miles of the new aqueduct, running from the mountains to the city, siphoning under the Hudson at Storm King at a depth of 1140 feet, entering New York 250 feet below the surface and ending 750 feet below the level at the Battery, with a ‘‘flexible’’ pipeline carrying fresh water through the salty bay to Staten Island, represents as great an engineering achievement as the Panama Canal, and all to the credit of Amoarican ingenuity and technical ability!

With this great hidden aqueduct completed, with its impressive visible dams and artificial lakes, which represent the largest high dams in the world, we see how far metropolitan New York repeats, as it were, the magnificance of roputlican and imperial Rome. It is, to be sure, Rome magnified many times over by modern engineering that dares everything. And yet the up-to-date engineer must still bow before the water systems of Rome, developed before 300 B. C., the ruins of whose aquaducts still bestride the Campagna and give that ineffable impression of man’s power over nature that has excited the imagination of thinkers ever since Claudius, as consul, went in for good roads and a pure water supply for the village on the Seven Hills. In the face of the wonder of this latest achievement, one must remember, too, that the Roman engineers knew’ the secret of the siphon and used it wherever possible, so that modern methods often repeat on the scale, quite beyond the simple method of primitive engineers themachanical inventions known to Claudius or Archimedes. This, however, does not mean that modern engineering is not one of the highest developments of modern science, for it is. Heir, however, to the knowledge of all the ages, one sees in this Catskill aqueduct, as in the great Hell Gate bridge of the Pennsyivania Railroad, and all the sister bridges over the East River, the peculiar triumph of American practicality over every possible physical or technical difficulty.

Just as the irrigation dams of the West must not be forgotten when engineering successes are discussed, the country shares with New York in this latest marvel, which rises above a mere fact of municipal enterprise into the circle of a national achievement from which anything is possible.