---
author: B-8266
day: '7'
editor: B-7413
id: '3205'
image: umpire_1917_184.jpg
issue: '44'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' vaudeville'
- ' minstrelsy'
- ' music'
- ' movies'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES.

BUSINESS

Club business during the week was at an unusually low ebb. At the Board of Governors meeting on October 29, the only business was the application of an ex-member for re-instatement, which was granted, with a "Watch your Step’’ warning. The Board of Delegates met on October 30, and passed favorably upon thirteen applications for membership; two of the new members donating a total of $1.10 to the Club Treasury. They may prove to be the long looked for Philanthropists. A 8432, introduced B 6465 as the new Delegate for the 3rd Bleck, and he was appropiately welcomed by the Board. He responded with a neat and telling speech of thanks, which completely qualifies him for a job with the ‘‘Four-Minute Men’’ upon his release. Though we fear he gave his politics away by his remarks about the ‘‘Square Deal.”

ENTERTAINMENT

The Second Section had every reason to be pleased with the entertainment provided for it on last Saturday afternoon. Miss Russell had an array of artists present who in numbers, and talents, any theatre in the city would have been proud to sponsor, and Mr. Kraupa, not be outdone, provided a couple of his best pictures, though we regret to state, that by reason of one of the machine operators having a ‘‘brain storm,’’ and playing both ends against the middle, the effect of the first picture, ‘‘Stepping Stones,’’ was somewhat spoiled. We suppress the culprit’s identity in the interest of peace in the family. His past record has been so uniformly good that we can afford to overlook this little indiscretion.

During the presentation of the picture, Miss Angellotti, our volunteer pianist, entered, and was given the heartiest of welcomes. She was recognized, even in the darkness and her progress to the front was to the accompaniment of a running fire of applause. There can be no doubt of our appreciation of her kindness in sacrificing so large a portion of her time to us.

After the disappointing ending of the picture, the Professor, and his versatile band soothed our shattered nerves with musie, and then Miss Russell introduced to us Mr. Billy Griffis, proprietor of the Vaudeville Times, who was heartily welcomed. The first act on the program was Lewis & Carlin, announced as ‘‘Musicians,” though we are sure that the younger Strauss in his wildest moments never imagined such ‘‘stunts’’ as theirs. They were very much to the audience’s liking, and deserved the hearty applause given them. Miss Russel, overcoming every handicap of lack of ‘‘props,’’ and rehearsal, then staged a most creditable Minstrel act which carried off the honors of the day. Mr. George Carlin acted as Interlocutor, and made a very happy foil for the jokes of ‘‘Sambo’’ and ‘‘Bones’’ the end-men, who appeared in black-face. Mr. Brown’s singing, and a Quartette number which won an instant encore, by the Comedy Four, were the outstanding features of the act. We hope it will berepeatedin the near future. A little lady then gave an exhibition of character singing and dancing which caused every one present to forget her age, and size, and hail her as the lady of their choice. The only living rival of the Great Hermann—he’s dead—then captured our at- tention with some extremely mystifying card ‘tricks. We imagine “D.C.” is still trying to puzzle out how those cards got away from him. The remaining acts were as on the previous Saturday; Cleveland & Dillon, Juveniles, who have the aptitude, and sang-froid of old hands at the game; Mr. Thompson, a juggler of renown, whom we would like to have handle our accounts for a season; and last, but not least, the gentleman of the mobile countenance, and the well trained banjo, whom the colured portion of the audience found so attractive. It was a long and delightfully varied program, and excellent in every part.

As a grand finale to an afternoon of fun, Mr. Kraupa presented a very funny two-reel farce, ‘‘Bucking Society’’ with the inimitanable Ches Conklin playing the stellar role.

It was a ‘‘wild’’ West scene, and practicaly everything on the cards happened to Ches, from riding a bucking steer, tobeing ‘‘collected” in company with a mail-bag by the Fast Mail. Those of our number who have been ‘‘crooked’’ for sheer love of the risk, and the xcitement of such a life, should turn to the “movies’’ when released, it’s a risky enough life to satisfy the most exacting, while as for excitement it’s chases have the real man-hunt beaten, and there’s no Judge to spoil the ending. Better think it over, boys.

The Second Section found it a most satis- fying afternoon, and tender their sincerest thanks to Miss Russell, to Mr. Kraupa, and to the artists who gave so generously of their time, and talent, without hope or ex- pectation of material reward.

There consciousness of a good deed well done is their best reward, transcending our poor thanks.

In the beginning of the show the President mounted the rostrum and prescnted to the appreciative view of the audience a beautiful silver cup, with the announcement that it was the gift of a member of the Board of Governors of the Club, B 8361 to be exact, better known locally as ‘‘Curly,’’ and was to become the property of the Block or Gallery whose record for good behavior at the entertainments, marching, etc., stood highest during the year; the number of such Block or Gallery would be engraved upon it; a fit- ting case would be provided, and it would stand at the head of said Block or Gallery during the succeeding year, to be retained by it if possible. The Inspectors on their rounds would give it the double-O, and probably every one on the Block or Gallery would make Parole at their next meeting. So once more, boys, it’s up to you. Probably another gentleman can be found who will volunteer to see thatit doesn’t go to the winners empty. We think the President’s well-known generosity will be a guaranty of that.

Next Saturday, November 10, the First Section will have their chance at a good time coming out as follows 6 B, 6 G, 12 B, 12-1G 12-2G, 11 B," 1 B, 10 B, 8 B, 9 B.

B—8266.