---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-7413
id: '3208'
image: umpire_1917_185.jpg
issue: '45'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- French Foreign Legion
- ' war'
title: The Foreign Legion As It Is
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE FOREIGN LEGION AS IT IS

From time to time different writers have written about the Foreign Legion of the French army, weaving a halo of romance and idealism about that noted band of soldiers that might lead one to imagine that they were accorded deference and consideration very much above the ordinary body of soldiers. But as is usually the case where writers draw upon their imagination for the purpose of elaboration, ideals and facts stand widely apart, asthe writer has occasion to know from the statement of a former companion in arms who served in the Legion.

Now comes to hand an excellent article on the Foreign Legion from the pen of Herbert Adams Gibbons, European correspondent of the Evening Telegraph describing conditions as he found them, which is indeed very far from the shadowy ideal of romance so oft-depicted in our periodicals.

The writer calls attention to a former article describing the enthusiasm he fonnd prevalent ‘‘in the little room overlooking the garden of the Palais Royal, and later how the men from the United States volunteered in a body on the Place des Invalides. They were incorporated, just as the volunteers of all other Foreign Legions. This was a mistake on the part of the French Government; but probably in the confusion of those early days they did not grasp the significance and the wonderful spirit of devotion that prompted the volunteers. If they had they would not have turned our young boys into regiments of toughened adventurers from all over the world, professional soldiers, many of whom had enlisted and gone to serve France in Africa because they had reason to disappear from their own countries.

"Unfortunately, it was not only the French Government, but also many of the officers of the Foreign Legion, who misunderstood the character and spirit of these volunteers. Accustomed to dealing with ‘tough nuts,’ if not with actual thugs, officers of the Foreign Legion could not believe that these volenteers of August, 1914, had enrolled in the Legion for any other reason than for ‘the gamelle’ (their ‘eats’), or to escape from the police or conscription in their own countries. I know this to be true, for I remember a long argument on the subject with a Foreign Legion captain, who smiled incredulously and wonld not be convinced when I insisted that many hundreds of new recruits, including all the Americans, had volunteered for pure love of France and were offering their lives for an ideal. According to him, the Foreign Legion had nothing to do with ideals, and he knew men better than I did.

WENT BRAVELY TO DEATH

“But all that is bygones. It is necessary to state it, however, in justice to the hundreds of Americans in the Legion, who, when they realized that they had been let in for something they had not bargained for, and that their motives were misunderstood, kept a stiff upper lip, did not squeal, and went bravely to their death. The Foreign Legion has been put in all the heavy fighting duriug three years, and has suffered such losses that it is now only one regiment. Those that are still alive were the fourragere, and most of them are decorated.

“The boy I met today has been wounded twice, but has gone back each time, and was in the thick of the September Verdun offensive. and every offensive since the beginning of the war. He is one of twelve who are left.

“Now that the United States is in the war and that our soldiers have landed on French soil one would think that there would be a disposition to show honor and to do every, thing that could be done for these heroes who have fonght for France from the very beginning, as Lafayette and his comrades fought for us during two years before France became officially our ally in the revolution.

"Not a bit of it! Misunderstood and not too well treated by the country for whom they have been giving their lives, the American volunteers in the Foreign Legion have been treated in brutal fashion by their own country.

“The one of twelve left said to me: ‘We could understand how the United States had to disregard us before our country became a belligerent. For what we were doing was unneutral, and I suppose it was all right to take up our passports and tell us we had forfeited our citizenship. But did we not have a right, those of us who have been in this thing from the beginning, to feel that we would be looked at diffierently now? But everyone of us who, while on leave. has gone to the American headquarters in Paris to ask to be transferred to the American Army has been treated like a dog. I was practically kicked out of the place yesterday, told to go to h—.'

“August, 1914—October, 1917, more than three years of splendid service, of real heroism, of preparing the way for the Franco- American alliance, and this is the reward.”