---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-7413
id: '3210'
image: umpire_1917_185.jpg
issue: '45'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- draft
- ' war'
- ' immigrants'
title: Next Draft Must be Borne By Americans
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

NEXT DRAFT MUST BE BORNE BY AMERICANS

A New York correspondent is authority for the statement that the burden of the next draft must fall on the American born because of the large alien population of the city who insist upon exemption from military service because they are not citizens. This has been learned by Roger B. Wood, director of the draft in this city, through reports from local boards, who are finding it difficult to select their next thirty per cent. quota because of the lack of desire on the part of alien born to serve this country.

One district in the city with an estimated quota of young men liable to military service cannot fill its quota of two hundred because of its large alien population. The limitations of the draft law makes it impossible for the draft director to force service, and as a result it will be the young American born who must fight the war for the benefit of the aliens.

In these sections of the city where the populaticn is mostly alien a great hardship is being worked on the young Americans. Nearly all of them in these districts have been drafted, or will be within a short time. When the boards begin to classify their registrants these boards will have virtually none to assign to the five classes, under the new arrangement which has been selected by the authorities at Washington.