---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-7413
id: '3216'
image: umpire_1917_186.jpg
issue: '45'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- courage
- ' advice'
title: Prove Your Courage
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

PROVE YOUR COURAGE

“Speaking of courage,’’ says a well-known writer, "I recall that it was a famous Civil War General who remarked to his men before going into battle, that they should remember in all probability the enemy are just as scared of us as we are of them, so let’s continue our charge with vigor that the courage of the enemy may be broken and that our own may be maintained to the very end.”

It is a fact that we would accomplish much more in our lives if we would but have a little more confidence in our own ability to succeed. This lack of courage prevents many people, both young and old, from attempting things that are in reality well within veach, and from continuing in pursuit of an ambition when the battle is all but won.

In the great armies of the world men are trained to be brave in the face of great dangers—they are trained to continue their charge upon the enemy, even though comrades are being killed to the right and to the left—never flinching once, nor permitting their minds to become cowardly.

So it is with boys and girls who are in that glorious period of youth attending school or college where others, too, are being trained that each may graduate equipped to tackle the bigger responsibilities of life with a courage and enthusiasm which will conquer for them their greatest ambitions.

It is just as wonderful an experience to be recognized as a big boy or girl as it is a big man or woman. So don’t sit back and wait until age has crept on before making a real attempt to succeed in something that is big and worth while.

In class don’t sit crouched behind the ones in front so as not to be called upon and compelled to make good, nor in sports to jump aside and encourage another to take your place, when in your heart you believed the active part of the game was coming your way. But stand up under the strain and prove that you are a person of courage. To shirk constantly the responsibility of making good before others, as well as to one’s own conscience, is to encourage a life of failure, rather than one of strength and success.

Whether at work or play, it is well to earn a reputation for being brave—do those things that are worth while and that will make your companions remember you always for your courage and strength of character.