---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-7413
id: '3220'
image: umpire_1917_186.jpg
issue: '45'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- flag
- ' advice'
title: Let the Flag Fly Clean
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

LET THE FLAG FLY CLEAN

Fly the flag, but keep it clean! Don’t try to keep the Star Spangled Banner beyond the endurance of bunting, and don’t expect it to be ‘‘gallantly streaming,’’ if it needs a trip to the laundry! urges a writer in the Pittsburg Leader.

The flag is a sacred symbol, and one way to respect it is never to display it in a soiled or ragged conaition.

Patriotic Pittsburg is all a-blossom with flags, but not all of the banners. that flutter from flagstaff in front yards oron the roofs of lofty office buildings are calculated to in- spire patriotism.

The thrill that the flag brings is retarded or may not arrive at all, if the flag looks as though it had been used te wipe engines.

The dawn’s early light, but more particularly the full flood of day, shows that many banners have not only lost their brilliancy of color but are downright dirty.

Other flags, but not so many, are tattered and torn, and some are wound tightly around their stafts, with perhaps only a wisp to wave in the breeze.

The flag in front of the court house went through the glorious Fourth with its folds not only torn but entangled about the pole, and several large buildings down town display banners that look as though they had seen service in the trenches and had been dragged through several barbed-wire entanglements.

No flag can fling its folds out very proudly if those folds are badly in need of washing and mending, and it is doubtful if Francis Scott Key would ever have written ‘‘the Star-Spangled Banner’’ if the fiag that he dimly saw ‘‘through the mist of the deep”’ had been as tarnished and ragged as many that are flying in Pittsburg.

On automobiles and above the entrances of buildings the flags of the United States and our European allies are displayed, and in almost every instance in the wrong order.

The American flag instead of being placed in the middle of the row, should be displayed at the right end of the line, the position of precedence and honor.

One of the newest and brightest flags in the city floats over the entrance to the old Blockhouse. Several of the oldest and most tarnished fly over some of the finest buildings.

By all means fly the flag, but be sure it’s a clean, whole flag and not a soiled and ragged satire on the beautiful national emblem.

Wornout flags should bereplaced, and soiled flags should be washed,

Keep the flag flying, but keep it clean and whole.