---
author: Unknown
day: '14'
editor: B-7413
id: '3221'
image: umpire_1917_187.jpg
issue: '45'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- Daniel Webster
- ' information literature'
title: Webster's Birthplace Preserved
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WEBSTER’S BIRTHPLACE PRESERVED

It is highly gratifying to learn that the birth-place of Daniel Webster at Franklin has been taken over by the State of New Hampshire, and its permanent preservation as a public memorial is guaranteed. Webster once stated (in his campaign for Harrison) his regret that he was not born in a log cabin but he was born just across the road from the log cabin in which his elder brothers and sisters had been born—a cabin which, when built by Ebenezer Webster, who had fought with Rogers’ Rangers, was one of the most northerly in New Hampshire. His own birthplace was a modest frame house of one story and substantial construction, only a short distance from the Kearsarge. Various efforts to get the State to buy it having failed, in the course of time the house was moved from its cellar and attached to a larger and newer house built near by. The Webster Birthplace Association bought it, moved it back, and restored it; all this was done by Senators Chandler and Gallinger and some other public-spirited men, at a cost of a few thousands. The celebration of the completion of the restoration in 1913 was a great event, Samuel W. McCall making the chief address. Its arousal of public interest led direct to acquisition by the State. The furnishings of the old house are complete, from the original rude chairs, tables, and bed-steads to the fireplace, pots and pewter, and the flintlock musket.