---
author: Guest, Edgar A.
day: '14'
editor: B-7413
id: '3222'
image: umpire_1917_187.jpg
issue: '45'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- poetry
title: Praise
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

PRAISE

We’re eager for money, we hunger for fame, 
We battle for things to possess;
The houses we build we want to have filled 
With the treasures that stand for success. 
But when it’s all over and peace settles down, 
In the glow of the low sinking sun, 
We want to recall, be it ever so small, 
Some unselfish service we’ve done.

The top of the ladder we struggle to reach, 
We scramble and fight for a place; 
We are slaves to our pride, and we’re unsatistied 
Unless we are up in the race. 
But deep in the breasts of us all there’s the wish 
As we journey through life to be known 
As the big hearted men who took time now and then 
To serve some one, not of their own.

We may boast as we will of the work that we do 
And may glory in prizes we gain; 
We may draw some conceit from our jousts with defeat, 
And our rise to victorious reign; 
But after it’s over the joy that counts most 
Is the thought that we’re leaving behind, 
Through the records of strife in our volume of life, 
A number of deeds that were kind.

We’d rather be praised for the help we have been 
Than cheered for the money we’ve made; 
We want men to say, when our souls pass away 
We were ready and willing to aid. 
We fight and we scramble for fortune and fame 
Till our pockets with silver are lined, 
But the greatest of praise at the end of our days 
Is to have it be said we were kind.

—Edgar A. Guest.