---
author: B-8266
day: '14'
editor: B-7413
id: '3227'
image: umpire_1917_188.jpg
issue: '45'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' library'
- ' entertainment'
- ' vaudeville'
- ' books'
- ' reading'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

At the meeting of the Board of Delegates of the Club on Tuesday, the 6th, the Treasurer’s Report showed a working balance of $82.16 in the Treasury, which looks well. This was lowered during the week by loans, one of $3.00, and another of $1.00, to former members of the Club who were temporarily in need of assistance. A motion was made, and carried, that loans to any inmate whatsoever, leaving this institution whose immediate destination was the city of Philadelphia should be limited to $3.00. The Club has loaned quite a respectable sum of money during the year, and hashad very little repaid, so is compelled to call a halt upon its generosity. The lendees are usually prolific of promises, but chary of real coin.

Eleven names were proposed for membership in the Club, and accepted, as follows, B 5049, 8673, 8799, 8836, 8856, 8859, 8861, 8863, 8864, 8865, 8867. Donations of 50c from B 8856 and 10c from B 8863 were accepted with thanks.

ENTERTAINMENT

To compress music, ‘‘movies’’ and vaudeville into one afternoon is seme feat but the boys of the First Section accomplished just that on last Saturday afternoon, and came home to tea feeling very well pleased with themselves; there was no flaw in their behavior, and with their entertainers, who lived up to their ‘‘billing.” It was conceded by all to be an afternoon well spent.

The Hall was filled to capacity, when shortly after one o’clock Professor Wiegandt and his doughty band brought everyone to their feet by their rendering of a medley of patriotic airs. After Vice-President, A 8432, had spoken briefly counselling order, the interval until the arrival of Mr. Kraupa, the Hon. Jimmy Mulligan, and the ‘‘pictures’’ was filled in with music, one number in particular, demanding an encore, which was given.

The entertainment feature began with a five reel photo-drama, with the scene laid in the Civil War period; though we fear this ‘‘got past’’ some of the spectators, as one gentleman was overheard to remark to hisneigh- bor as the Confederate commander appeared on the screcn “Yep, that’s Hindenberg, y’ can tell him by his whiskers.” It had its thrilling moments, of which the aforementioned was one, and was well received by the audience.

When the picture had ended in the inevitable ‘‘clinch,” Miss Russell took the stage, and in a brief speech explained the difficulty of providing solely male talent for our entertainment, and stated that some of those present at the previous Saturday’s entertainment, had seen fit to jeer at the minstrel part of the day’s show. She again explained that it was a totally unpremediated performance, lacking both rehearsal, and accessories, and asked that we be more charitable in our judgments. We deeply regret that such should have occurred, and regret even more deeply that those who couldbe so ill-advised, to use no stronger term, as to cavil at a sincere, and to our mind at least, a successful effort to entertain us should have ever been present. It’s a blot on the ’Scutcheon of the Second Section whichonly a concerted effort can remove. But we can assure Miss Russell with a clear conscience, which is something we do not ordinarily possess, that the vast majority of usthoroughly appreciate her splendid, and quite interested efforts in our behalf, and that the chronic ‘‘kicker’’ will be given a short shrift.

The first act on the program was a repiti- tion of one of the previous Saturday’s “turns’’ featuring the gentleman with the educated pack of cards, whose units could do everything but talk. As a partner in a little game he’d have the German army beaten; while with him as an opponent one would have about as much chance as Belgium. He had more cards up his sleeve than Bret Hartes celebrated ‘‘Heathen Chinee’’ ever dreamed of. Mr. Billy Bendon, announced as a ‘‘singer,’’ next obliged with some very good singing, notably “Throw No Stones- In The Well That Gives You Water,” which very reasonable advice we shall endeavor to follow, and ‘‘Im Going Back to Alabama In the Spring,’’ which we would also like to do, but fear something is going to prevent us. The Merry Comedy Four followed, and were the great ‘‘hit’’ of the afternoon. Should we be allowed to follow our inclination we would probably be listening to them yet. Their songs and ‘‘business" were equally good, and their hearers were loath to see them go, recalling them again and again with insistent applause. The outstanding features of their performance were the solos “Joan of Arc,” and ‘‘Sleep, baby, Sleep,” with its yodelling chorus, and the quartette numbers, ‘‘Keep Your Eye On The Girlie You Love,” and ‘‘Down on Jasper’s Farm,’’ while their responses to the repeated encores were delightfully funny, their imitation band number in particular. We extend you a hearty invitation to call again gentlemen, and tender you our sincere thanks for the pleasure you have already given.

This concluded the vaudeville portion of the afternoon’s entertainment, and Mr. Kraupa made it the end of a Perfect Day by presenting a two-reel comedy, “A Social Cub,’’ which everybody found very much to their liking.

GENERAL

We are requested to call the attention of the patrons of the Club’s Circulating Library to the fact that too many of their number seem to be laboring under the delusion that they are amateur surgeons, and persist in ‘‘operating’’upon the magazines loaned them, to the very great detriment of the temper of the next borrower, who is justly irritated to find some important part, head, or heart, or lungs, missing. To have the heroine suspended by a heir over a horrible precipice, or locked in the Woolworth Tower with a fire (sale) in the basement, and then turn to the continuing page aud find it missing, taken out by some miscreant for curl-papers, or some other decorative purpose is almost too much for human endurance, and we no longer wonder at the dwindling church attendance. Please be more careful of the magazines, boys, if you wish to remain a beneficiary of this useful work, and don’t forget the other fellow who likes to read.

Next Saturday, November 17, the Second Section will be out as follows: 5 B, 5 G, 4 B, 4G, 3 B, 7 G, 7 B. 

B. 8266.