---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '3230'
image: umpire_1917_189.jpg
issue: '46'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- war
- ' '
title: Materialism the Cause of War
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

MATERIALISM THE CAUSE OF WAR

Just before the war mania seized upon the people in this country, a representative of a London paper interviewed Bramwell Booth, head of the Salvation Army, to get his views of the war.

Mr. Booth is a man of broad, far-seeing mind and does not hesitate to state his opin- ion when called upon for expression, as may be judged by the following excerpt:

“Wars come about through a certain state of society. It’s no use saying that Germany wants world-dominion. Every nation wants something very much. like that. Everynation in its policy affirms the heretical principles of materialism. Almost everybody you meet is descended from some thumping Viking! No; men of all nations, our own as well as others, have forgotten God. They are materialists.

They don’t believe in the Divine. They are after prosperity, and their only god s Mam- mon. Nothing can save them but a return to God. Men say that after the war all will be changed, and when you press them you find they are speaking of political changes— Socialism, and the rest. But there’s an old saying in the North of Scotland, "New boat, old rocks.” No political changes can bring the millennium. No internationalizing of labor can prevent strikes and wars. What you want in your boat, new or old, is a captain, and unless you have got the Almighty on the bridge you’ll go to pieces on the very same rocks which made shipwreck of your former Skate. 

It is to be noted that Mr. Booth puts the ordium of the present war just where it belongs. World-dominion commercialism. The worship of the almighty dollar.

What the world stands in need of today is a modern Moses to lead the people out of the bondage of gold worship—a slavery far worse than that of ancient Egypt.

The great question is, who will be the man?