---
author: B-8266
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '3235'
image: umpire_1917_189.jpg
issue: '46'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' minstrelsy'
- ' movies'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

The meeting of the Board of Delegates on Tuesday, the 18th, was of a dullness as the French might say in the zbsence of the Chairman, so B 7664 presided. The following were proposed and accepted as members of the Club, B 8868, 8870—10¢; 8874, 8875, 8876, 8877, 8878, 8879, 8380, 8881—25¢; 8858—15¢; 8773, 8882, while the followlng, suspended for cause, were ordered re-instated, B 5928, 5396—25¢.

The Chairman introduced B 8700 as the new Delegate from the 6th Block, and he was appropriately welcomed.

During the week B 7379 repaid the loan of $1.00 made him at the Gate a few days pre- viously, thereby earniug himself a place in our Hall of Fame, not to speak of our affec- tions; he even added 25¢ as interest which makes the event still more memorable. On Friday the Board of Governors in a special meeting gave $50.00 to the Y. M. C. A. War- work Fund, a gift which we feel sure will meet with the hearty approval of every member of the Cluband we are proud and glad to contribute our mite to the aid, and comfort of our boys in France. Our morals may be a bit off color, but our patriotism is true blue— and red—and white, and warranted not to run. Probably as a reward of virtue on Saturday morning arrived a cheque in payment for waste-paper collected during the last quarter, $100.10 which was immediately plastered over the gaping hole in the Treasury. In this connection we would call the attention of the members to the fact that they can best do their bit for the Club by scrupulously saving their old magazines, papers, etc., and presenting them to the Delegates with their benison. The larger part of the Club’s income comes from such source.

ENTERTAINMENT

The Entertainment of Saturday afternoon was a bit late in starting, owing to Mr. Kraupa being delayed, but the boys of the Second Section didn’t mind— much, for Professor Wiegandt and his resourceful band were prepared for just such an emergency, and stepped into the breach with some musical numbers, which deserved and received encores. The descriptive number ‘‘The Forge in the Forest,” was in particular admired. Mr. Kraupa, and the Hon. Jimmy, arrived about 1.30 o’clock, the lights were turned out, the curtains drawn, ‘‘Al,’’ the biggest thing in local captivity, stood before the key-hole so that no ray of light might enter, and the performance opened with the presentation of the Picture Play of the af- ternoon, a Charlie Chaplin comedy, ‘‘Tillie’s Punctured Romance’’ with Marie Dressler in the title role. It was a five reel feature, and funny in every part. After three reels had been shown it was suspended for the nonce, Miss Russell and Miss Angellotti having ar- rived, and the vaudeville portion of the day’s entertainment began with the appearance of Mr. Barry, baritone. He sang to the very great pleasure of the audience, ‘‘When the Sun Goes Down in Dixie,” “The Sunshine of Your Smile,” “Won’t You Come Back, Dixie?’’ and we confess we liked them all. The evidence would seem to point to Mr. Barry being a Southerner.

Next appeared Miss Ann Benjamin, a dainty little maiden of some six or nine summers—we never-could guess a girl’s age, even when we had all the data, and were leoking her in the eye—who sang “If I Were Huckleberry Finn,” and ‘‘Down in Madame Julie’s Beauty Parlor,”” and afterward danced so prettily as to remind us of the nymphs who once graced the vales of Thessaly, now so seldom seen of men. Mr. Lewis then appeared in a comedy singing and joking act, followed by Mr. Carlin in a-somewhat similar turn. Each was very good after his manner.

“Andy’’ Harris, the ‘‘Black Fashion Plate’’ appeared in ‘‘black-face” in a singing and “patter’’ act. His comic songs, “The Good Old Yankee Names,’’ and a parody on ‘‘My Dream of the U. S. A.’’ were most amusing.

Then came Mr.John Devlin, a real “Prince of Entertainers’’ who repeated his triumph of a preceding Saturday. A perpetually rainy day, an easy chair, a sea-coal fire, and Mr, Devlin to tell us stories, would be our idea of a happy life. It’s the second hearty laugh we’ve had since we last saw the Judge, and Mr. Devlin was responsible for the other one. His delightful Irish brogue, real, or assumed; his infectious smile; his apparent surprise when his audience roars its approval of a telling point, all make for bis suec- cess, which was undeniable. Please come again Mr. Devlin, you’re the best cure for the‘‘blues’’ we know. 

Mr. Wm. T. Griffiths Imperial Minstrels were next, and last, on the program, and their work was very much appreciated by their hearers. George Carlin sang ‘‘The Superstitious Man,’’ and proved himself of the first water, Mr. Barry sang ‘‘You Stole My Heart Away,” Mr. Harris sang “If I Had a Son for Each Star in Old Glory’’ and Mr. Steve Bryan sang a patriotic song. The ‘‘end-men’’ and Mr. Griffiths, as interlocutor, got off some amusing ‘‘gags,’’ and Lewis & Carlin, in a musical novelty with the clarinet, or some like instrument—our ignorance of musical instruments leads us to hedge on this statement, they may have been Jew’s-harps—were amusing, the grand finale being a general musical number in which every member of the cast blew his hardest. This was the last of the acts, and the remaining two reels of the picture were run off, and the members called it a day, with the general admission that it was an afternoon well spent. We must congratulate the Second Section in its turn upon the general good order maintained; the First Section has nothing on them, and “Curly’’ may have to provide two cups. We hope that each man will personally see to it that this good record is permanently maintained, and that no occasion for criticism be ever given, the privileges we have gained are to valuable to be lightly lost through someones stupidity or meanness.

GENERAL

We would like to call the attention of the members to the fact that there may be some having children whom they would like to have the Club remember this Christmas, and who have been overlooked in the gathering of the names; if such should be the case they have but to call their Delegate’s attention to the fact, and he’ll do the rest.

Next Saturday, November 24th, the First Section will be out as follows: 6 G, 6 B, 12 B, 12-1G, 12-2G, 10 B, 1 B, 11 B, 8 B, 9 B.

— B8266.

DONATIONS TO THE KIDDIES’ XMAS FUND FOR THE WEEK ENDING NOVEMBER 17, 1917.

B 7881, $2.00. B 8000, $1.50. B 7401, $1 00. B 4765, 7355,7597, 8508, 8890,8594, 8869, 8648, 7500, 50¢. B 6030, 5077, 7542, 8606, 7696, 8453, 6906, 8680, 8621, 8685, 8476, 8470, 7276, 5810, 8058, 7621, 8128, 8145, 8163, 8222, 8705, 6681, 25¢. B 8137, 6736, 20c. B 8826, 6255, 8688, 15¢. B 7125, 8451, 7749, 8764, 6652, 7427, 10c. B 8471, 5c.