---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '3238'
image: umpire_1917_190.jpg
issue: '46'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- editorial
- ' advice'
title: Face Reflects Your Thoughts
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

FACE REFLECTS YOUR THOUGHTS

Speaking at a recent convention in another city, a well known author and writer declared that when the heart was in ones work school-teaching had a tendency to make beautiful the face of the teacher. "I have noticed,’’ he continued, ‘‘that plain looking young women, and men, become positively handsome after a short course of teaching, and in their realizing the deep call to improve the mind and heart of the pupils, and the use of a tactful and industrious attenticn to the work of communicating knowledge.” He says there are such homely teachers, who as a rule are stronger-minded than the handsome ones, but they do not enter into their task with the same enthusiasm and joy as the others, and are not as valuable in the schoolroom. While exceptions may be taken to some of the man’s statements, he is right in his contention that the profession of teaching is a beautiful one, and beautiful features are carved by the invisible fingers of high thought and pure affection. The flowers of the springtime are transformed to the teacher’s face. One of the must tremendous facts of life is that thoughts and sentiments do mold the features into ugliness or beauty. The high-minded, true-hearted men and women have comely features that cannot be counterfeited. It is not necessary to tag men “Going to the prize fight, or races, or haunts of vice;” their faces tell where they belong. No cosmetics canrestore features spoiled by the finger-prints of sin. It is the business of the true men and women not to wear a face pinched by selfishness or cupidity, or clouded by anger or malevolent temper, but to make beautiful the features by thoughts of love and truth, and by clean living. Clean thoughts will make the features resplendent with spiritual beauty.