---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '3239'
image: umpire_1917_190.jpg
issue: '46'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- editorial
title: A Real Source of Life
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

A REAL SOURCE OF LIFE

“It is to be noticed that while the newspapers of Philadelphia are continually hammering away respecting vice in its various forms in this great city, yet rarely, if ever, do they really touch the real source of evil,” said one of this city’s most prominent men, recently.

“Is it not the fault of a too low standing standard of civilization? Coarse language, coarse manners, coarse morals, though cloaked with a disgusting mock modesty and garbed under the veneer of fine clothes, can lead only to vice in its manifold forms, for they in themselves tend to degrade humanity.

“There is nothing destructive to democracy in culture. Indeed education in itself is a mere superficiality, unless accompanied by careful and decent speech, by courtesy in manners and a certain restraint in morals. Nay, more, democracy is a mere sham without culture. “Apparently the main idea here,’’ continued the speaker, ‘‘is to hew down rather than to raise the standard of society to the higher ideas; to smother by legal process rather than to attempt to stimulate a higher moral sense. In both commerce and industry competition forces us to strive for the maximum efficiency, yet in social relations we seem content with the lowest—and it is not until we have reached a certain standard of accumulated wealth and travel abroad among the peoples that we begin to readjust our ideal—for convenience’s sake.

“An offensive habit noticeable in eastern cities seems to villify with obscenity any person that don’t quite coincide with us. This, I think, is a negative of the great constitutional maxim that all men are free and equal.” The great error of today is to confuse coarseness and brutishness with true manliness.”