---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '3240'
image: umpire_1917_190.jpg
issue: '46'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- war
- ' sacrifice'
- ' war effort'
title: Great Sacrifice Demanded
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

GREAT SACRIFICE DEMANDED

That the part this nation must take in the great war will far exceed in money and human service the sum total of cost as superficially estimated in the public mind is being brought home to Americans in no uncertain manner.

It has not needed the declaration of ‘‘an authority high in the Government’’ to convey this conviction, but the presentation of the situation, with future prospects painted in sombre colors, is a presentation that should carry its lesson to every one of the American people.

President Wilson, almost from the day Congress declared the United States to be in a state of war with Germany, emphasized unofficially through many of his war offices the extreme gravity of the situation and peointed out the great likelihood of the struggle in which this nation had become involved lasting for several years. His Secretary of War explained later that all war plans were being worked out on the basis of three years of conflict.

The extraordinary vigor displayed by the Teuton war machine, steadfastness of purpose of the Kaiser and his immediate advisers to carry the conflict at least to a reasonably successful conclusion for the central powers and finally the practical elimination of Russia and Italy from the theatre of war, as now appears to be the case, all constitute a combination of elements of the utmost gravity to early world peace.

Is Britain brought to the point of financial and economical exhaustion? Has France shot her bolt, and can she no longer supply men for the trenches? Will the fighting strength of Germany be so materially increased by the men and guns that can be released on the long Russian front as to revivify her waning powers and enable her to repeat on the western front more of the extraordinary feats that the early years of the war made so conspicuous.

Washington believes all this and more. That is why the American people are being urged to study the situation as it is publicly disclosed, and to grasp the significance to this nation of the result, if present fears are even partly justified.

It is apparent to high officialdem that this war is not only to be a long one for the United States, but a far more costly one than is generally imagined.

American troops are to be sent abroad in large numbers in erder that this country can escape the peril that would confront it in the event Teuton arms triumphed. Munitions must be sent our soldiers there, and other supplies, and the earnest war co-operation of the United States and the entente depends in effectiveness upon this nation supplying the needs of the entente nations as to everything that enters into the prosecution of a mighty war, both to belligerents and non-combatants.

Great sacrifices are demanded of each and every American. They should be made to the full extent of American resources and American patriotism.