---
author: Unknown
day: '21'
editor: B-7413
id: '3242'
image: umpire_1917_190.jpg
issue: '46'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Russia
- ' information literature'
title: The Old Capital of Russia
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE OLD CAPTIAL OF RUSSIA

Moscow is likely to become the ‘‘new’’ capital of Russia. It was the capital, however, when St. Petersburg was only an expanse of barren marshes. Until the time of Peter the Great the history of Moscow was the history of Russia, and after that it was the joint capital of the empire. It has never ceased to be regarded by the people as in some sense the head city of Russia.

St. Petersburg, built on the marshes, was artificial, and it never succeded in establishing itself in the mind and heart of the people as Moscow, through long history and tradition, had established itself.

The principality of Moscow was the germ-cell of the later empire. It is the home of the Russian race. Toward the close of the Middle Ages it lay exposed to the devastations of the Tartars. But the able rulers again and again threw off the Tartar yoke, and succeeded in uniting the petty States adjacent into a single realm, Muscovy, hence the name ‘‘Muscovites," applied to the Russian race. From time to time great emigrations spread out from the central plains to the forest country of the north to the steepes of Siberia, and southward.

In 1914 the Muscovites or ‘‘Great Russians,” numbered about 60,000,000, or one-third of the empire’s population. Kindred races, principally of the ‘‘Little” and ‘‘White’’ Russian stocks, made up with the Moscovites one-half of the total population. Finns, Poles, Lithuanians, Jews, Tartars, Rumanians, Bulgarians, Greeks, Mongols, Germans, Georgians, Circassians, Armenians; Persians are other elements in the extraordinarily mixed radical composition of Russia.