---
author: Wilson, Woodrow (President)
day: '28'
editor: B-7413
id: '3256'
image: umpire_1917_193.jpg
issue: '47'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- Thanksgiving
- ' holiday'
- ' presidential address'
title: Thanksgiving Proclamation
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THANKSGIVIMG PROCLAMATION

By the President of the United States of America

It has long been the honored custom of our people to turn in the fruitful autumn of the year in praise and thanksgiving to Almighty God for His many blessings and mercies to us as a nation. That custom we can follhw now, even in the midst of the tragedy of a world shaken by war and immeasurable disaster, in the midst of sorrow and great peril, because even amidst the darkness that has gathered about we can see the great blessings God has bestowed upon us, blessings that are better than mere peace of mind and prosperity of enterprise.

We have been given the opportunity to serve mankind as we once served ourselves in the great day of our Declaration of Independence, by taking up arms against a tyrranny that threatened to master and debase men everywhere, and joining with other free peoples in demanding for all the nations of the world what we then demanded and obtained for ourselves. In this day of the revelation of our duty not only to defend our own rights as a nation, but to defend also the rights of free men throughout the world, there has been vouchsafed us in full and inspiring measure the resolution and spirit of united action. We have been brought to one mind and purpose. A new vigor of common counsel and common action has been revealed in us. We should especially thank God that in such circumstances in the midst of the greatest enterprise the spirits of men have ever entered upon we have if we but observe a reliable and practical economy abundance with which to supply needs of those associated with us as well as our own. New light shines about us. The great duties of a new day awaken a new and greater national spirit in us. We shall never again be divided or wonder what stuff we are made of.

And while we render thanks for these things, let us pray Almighty God that in all humbleness of spirit we may look always to Him for guidance; that we may be kept constant in the spirit and service; that by His grace our minds may be directed and our hands strengthened; and thatin His good time liberty and security and peace and the comradeship of a common justice may be vouchsafed all the nations of the earth.

— WOODROW WILSON.