---
author: Unknown
day: '28'
editor: B-7413
id: '3258'
image: umpire_1917_193.jpg
issue: '47'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- poetry
- ' war effort'
title: God Give Us Men
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

GOD GIVE US MEN

God give us men, a time like this demands 
Great hearts, strong minds, true faith and ready hands:
Men whom the lust of office cannot kill; 
Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy; 
Men who possess opinions and will;
Men who love honor; men who wlll not lie;
Men who can stand before a demagogue,
And brave his treachers flatteries without winking;
Tall men sunburnt, who live above the fog,
In public duty, and in private thinking;
For while the rabble, with its thumbworn screeds,
Its large professions, and its little deeds,
Mingle in selfish strife, lo! Freedom weeps,
Wrong rules the land and waiting Justice sleeps.

 —DR. J. G. Holland.

Here is a poem that came direct from the heart of a deep thinker and a true man. A poem inspired by the highest motives and noblest aims. A poem that should animate the heart of all true patriots and lovers of humanity.

It is an inspired appeal to God to give us men in the hour of greatest need. Men that will rise above materialism, selfishness, or any thought of personal gratificatien or desire.

It calls for men who will give their all— their very best to the Nation in order to bring about a solution of the serious problem that now confronts our Country. Men with the glow of God’s light in their souls that will lead them to accomplish their purpose in spite of all obstacles. Men with red blood in their veins that will enable them to rise supremely above all other considerations than to bring about a lasting peace that will add honor and glory to their Country, and fame for themselves as the emancipators of humanity from the slavery of autocratic power of military despotism.

Let us pray on this Thanksgiving Day that God will grant us just what this ringing appeal calls for: MEN.