---
author: Unknown
day: '28'
editor: B-7413
id: '3264'
image: umpire_1917_194.jpg
issue: '47'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Thanksgiving
title: How Thanksgiving Came About
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HOW THANKSGIVING CAME ABOUT

Thanksgiving Day may be said to be an American institution, as it was not borrowed, as are so many of our holidays, from the ancient traditions of the older world or from ecclesiastical calendars. Though it has a basis of religious belief in the protective grace of an all-wise Providence, it has gained its present place of pre-eminence because it stands forth as the ideal of the community out of which our republic has grown.

It is said that the beginning of the real Thanksgiving Day came from the mind and heart of William Bradford, first governor of Plymouth, as a manifestation of gratitude for the bounteous harvest of 1621, after an extended period of privations and want among the people. It was proclaimed a day of thanksgiving for December 18, old style calendar, of that year. ‘‘Then did the royal bird of our Thanksgiving dinner tables make its entrance on the festive board.’’

“The good governor, having fixed upon the day of thanksgiving for the Pilgrims, sent four stout warriors with guns in search of game. These early hunters returned at night staggering under the weight of wild turkeys sufficient to meet the wants of Plymouth for a week. To these were added the goodies concocted by the thrifty housewife of the colony, and when the 13th of December dawned, all was in readiness for the first real American Thanksgiving ever known.”

But that was not all. After a lengthy service at the church—a matter of about three hours—dinner followed; the scent ofits appetizing odor seemed to have been wafted into the depths of the forest, for in the midst of the feast the Indian yell was heard and a party of a hundred or more friendly redskins under King Massasoit, appeared on the scene, bringing with them numerous haunches of venison. “With all this supply of food on hand it is not strange to learn that the day of Thanksgiving lengthened into three, the feast being varied with psalm singing and exhortations; with war dances by the Indians; with military drill by stout Myles Standish’s soldiery, and with various sports and pastimes of the more sober English kins.”

After the first Thanksgiving others followed more or less regularly down through the year. “From Massachusetts the observance spread throughout New England and later obtained national recognition. Washington proclaimed a day of thanksgiving following the successful ending of the War of Independence, and Lincoln did the same after the battle of Gettysburg. Thereafter the last Thursday in November was designated from Washington, and a national holiday has be- come established.”

The story is told that on Thanksgiving Day, in 1713, the governor of Connecticut and the king’s commissioners were just preparing to fall upon the viands, when it was announced in horror-stricken tones that the bear prepared for the occasion had been ‘‘shot on ye Lord’s day.” ‘‘At that dismal news, the entire gathering declined to touch a morsel of the roast bear, and it was decided that the Indian who had shot the animal should be whipped to the extent of 39 stripes and restore the price paid for the meat. Then, having inflicted a ‘just and righteous sentence on ye sinful heathen,’ the company fell upon the meal with clear conscience and quickly put it out of sight.”