---
author: B-8266
day: '28'
editor: B-7413
id: '3277'
image: umpire_1917_196.jpg
issue: '47'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' movies'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

At the November 20th, meeting of the Board of Delegates the following were admitted to membership. New-B 5165, donating $1.00; B 8869, 10¢; B 8871, 5783; reinstated, B 8632, 8301.

Among the financial transactions of the week, the transfer of $100.00 from the Club’s Treasury to the credit of the Kiddies' Xmas Fund, looms largest. In return two $50.00 Liberty Bonds, purchased with money donated last Spring for the Kiddies” Fund were transferred to the the Club. So is a difficult situation cleared up, after some flnancial juggling which would have delighted the soul of a J. Rufus Wallingford. B 7544 was paid $10.01, being his commission on sales of waste paper, etc., and John Wanamaker was paid $3.00 for white muslin supplied. The Watch-dog of the Treasury had a bad week of it. 

ENTERTAINMENT

No member of the First Section asked for his money back at the close of Saturday’s Entertainment, so we must assume them all to have been well pleased with the brand of amusement furnished them. They will have something, atleast, to be thankful for on the coming Thursday, while the Second Section can be thankful that their Saturday is but a day away. There’s nothing like being an optimist.

The Professor, and his effiicient Band had scarcely ceased tearing off a few yards of patriotic, and-so-forth music, when Mr. Kraupa, and the Hon. Jimmy, appeared with the films, and the audience settled down to watch the adventures of Bessie Love, in “Nina, the Flower Girl,” a very Laura-Jean- Libbeyish melodrama in pictures, but redeemed by the grace and charm of the star.

There was the poor young ‘‘woiking goil,”’ blind-but honest; the lover, poor and deformed, but honest; the mother, old, and gray, the villian, in the inevitable dress-suit, and all the other ingredients of a Bowery melodrama, but, as we’ve already said, Bessie Love saved the situation. 

The first act on the program was Hastings & Barret, who handled a piccolo, and an accordion, with familiarity, and careless aban- don, and accomplished marvelous results.

Their rendering of the ‘‘Memphis Blues’’ was very acceptable to the colored portion of the audience; and they were forced to respond twice to determined cncores before their audience was satisfied.

The next to appear was little Miss Adeline Bendon, to whom we owe, and tender, the most abject of apologies for our blunder in naming her Miss Anne Benjamin in our last weeks Notes. She no doubt contemplates changing her name, but not just yet. She was every bit as charming as on her previous appearance, and was enthusiastically received. Her singing of ‘‘Give me blue eyes, give me a boy, and I will do the rest’ and “Oh! Johnny’’ proved her an actress to the manner born, and her toe-dancing, a la Genee, was remarkable for one so young, and promises a brilliant future. ‘‘Curly,” B 8361, was so moved as to donate an inlaid jewel box, to be presented to her in the name of the Club, as a material proof of our appreciation.

She was recalled at the end of the ‘‘turn” and Mr. Kraupa introduced Vice-President A 8432, who pinned the Club button upon her breast, making her an Honorary member of the Club, and presented her with the box.

She was a bit overcome, it being totally unexpected, and she could only bow, and thank us, in the immortal words of‘‘Tiny Tim,’’ “God bless you everyone.” The Rose Valley Four, a Quartette lately of the Steel Pier, Atlantic City, were next, and warbled happily of many things,

“Of shoes, and ships, and sealmg wax,
And cabbages, and kings.”

to the evident satisfaction of their hearers; they were in haste to catch a train, and so were unable to stay as long as the audience would have liked them to; but we have hopes of their returning some day, when there aren’t any trains running.

Next Saturday, December 1st, the Second Section will come forth as follows: 7 B, 7 G, 5 G, 5 B, 4 B, 4 G, 3 B. 

B 8266.