---
author: The women of the Second Block
day: '28'
editor: B-7413
id: '3278'
image: umpire_1917_196.jpg
issue: '47'
layout: item
month: '11'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- women
- ' Second Block'
- ' movies'
- ' warden'
title: Second Block Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

SECOND BLOCK NOTES

Well, surprises will never cease. We the women of the Second Block can vouch for this, as we were most agreeably surprised on Friday afternoon when Warden McKenty made the announcement that we were to have a movie show on Saturday afternoon. We most heartily thank Warden McKenty for his kindness and we are going to earnestly endeavor to merit the same, and hope that in the future if any follow us that they will have it better than we have, and we are going to pave the way if given a chance. We also wish to thank Mrs. Reuben McKenty who so generously furnished the music while the pictures were being shown. It seemed more like the outside after Mrs. McKenty tickled the ivorys. I really believe there was not one present who did not forget her surroundings for the afternoon. We must not forget Mr. Rube, although we have always pestered him every time we’ve seen him, he was on the job and worked hard for us. Just wait Mr. Rube, if women ever get the vote, we won’t forget our freinds of the present day. Good luck and prosperity to you and your wife in all your undertakings is our sincere wish. For you richly deserve all this world can give you; you certainly know how to be pleasant, and make things pleasant for all.

Our Chaplain just peeped in, although it was dark we felt his presence and hope he will come earlier and stay longer the next time. We are sure he would have enjoyed the pictures. Miss Elsie must not be forgotten as she also helped by relieving Mrs. Rube at the piano. Many thanks and a return invitation to Mr. Kravpa, and his assistant, the onlv disappointment was when we didn’t have a few remarks from the warden, while we appreciated his presence we would have liked to hear him say something. Don’t think the women didn’t laugh for they certainly did, and our Matron enjoyed Charley Chaplin as much as we did; in fact we all enjoyed Marie Dressler as much as Charley. Mrs. Stone, our Sunday School teacher, was also present, and hopes that still better things may be in store. In all we extend our thanks to each and every one who helped us to forget our troubles, and made us feel better and brighter. We are wishing for many happy returns of the day, 

Respectfully, 

The women of the Second Block.