---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '3280'
image: umpire_1917_197.jpg
issue: '48'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- New Way
- ' revenge'
- ' punishment'
- ' editorial'
- ' prison reform'
title: As to Revenge
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

AS TO REVENGE

A man hits or insults you, and you hit him back without a thought. That’s ordinary, unregenerate human nature.

And being human nature, it is, on the whole, Society’s treatment of the criminal. The criminal has in some way wronged Society or some one or more members of it.and after certain technical procedures Society hits him back, says an exchange.

Until recently, and mostly yet, it hit him without a thought, instinctively: that is, without considering whether the back-blow was the way of wisdom. It dealt out the instinctive back-blow that the ordinary man renders for an insult. It calls the blow ‘punishment,’ and it grades the hardness in a rough sort of way; but the name does not essentially alter the proceeding.

Which is really a sufficient argument against or condemnation of ‘punishment’ for very few would question that the instant revengeful back-hit of human lower instinct is wrong.

But if ‘punishment’ is wrong, then there won’t and can’t be good results from it. Of the two desired results—that the wrongdoer shall be hit, and that crime shall be lessened —there will only be the first. Crime is not lessening but increasing. Our method is not staying the increasing diffusion of criminality, nor causing the criminal, after release, to be less likely than before to commit his crime. As much as he is less likely, is the result, not of the ‘punishment’ awarded, but of the agony of exposure and disgrace. The treatment itself, dispiriting, unmanning, resentment-making, tells in favor of subsequent crime.

As we said, crime is increasing. The treatment of it is wrong and we are accordingly getting inevitable results of wrong doing.

The proper treatment of crime seems to most people, once they seriously take it up, an insolvable problem.

But note this rather significant fact: That as soon as it began to dawn upon some minds that the betterment of the criminal, physical, mental and moral, and not revenge, not the back-blow, was the proper motive to start with—then some new ideas began to come and we had the parole system, the indeterminate and suspended sentence, juvenile courts, etc., etc.

And we say that in proportion as the revenge treatmant is seen through and becomes distasteful, in proportion to the numbers whose minds thus change, will new and right ideas present themselves and join on to the few we now have. And at last, when the revenge idea is wholly gone, we shall find the absolutely right treatment, the only treatment that will give the steady diminution of crime which we want to see.

The revenge instinct is wholly vicious and only in proportion as we get rid of it will our minds clear up and come in sight of methods of treatment which are wise and humane and consequently fruitful. We can remain blind as long as we choose. But there is a little eye-opening here and there.

Why not open fully to the New Way?