---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '3283'
image: umpire_1917_197.jpg
issue: '48'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- choir
- ' music'
- ' program'
title: Excellent Song Recital by St. Laurentius Church Choir
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

EXCELLENT SONG RECITAL BY ST. LAURENTIUS CHURCH CHOIR

On Sunday afternoon last a delightful entertainment of sacred music was provided for the inmates of this institution by the Choir of St. Laurentius Church under the able direction of Wladyslow K. Grigaitis as conductor. The choir was accompanied by a string quartette of violin, cello and harp, with Miss Margaret Maguire at the piano.

The opening number of the program, Andantion by E. Lemsre, was rendered by a trio of violin, cello and piano, with pleasing effect, and was followed with Mozart’s Magnificat, sung by the entire chorus and the soloists. The effect was a rare musical delight of fine vocal harmony seldom equalled by any choral organization.

Piotr Wizla, a distinguished Polish baritone, electrified the audience with his fine voice and delightful singing. No less pleasing was the singing of the other soloists, Mrs. V. Bednarek and Mrs. C. Przychodzka, sopranos, Miss H. Jozefowska, contralto, and Mr. V. Figaniak, basso.

The entertainment was given under the auspices of the American Society for Visiting Catholic Prisoners, an organization of progressive and broad minded men ever on the alert to advance the welfare and uplift of prisoners.

The program was as follows:

PROGRAM

1. Andantino - E. Lemare 
Trio for Violin, Cello and Piano
2. Magnificat W. Mozart 
Chorus
3. O Jesu Deus Pacis J. Haydn 
Basso Solo
4. O Cor Amoris Ch. Gluck
Duet, Soprano and Alto 
5. Heaven’s Glory L. Beethoven 
Chorus 
6. Ave Maria from ‘‘Otello” 
Soprano Solo 
7. Salve Regina G. Verdi
Alto Solo 
8. Domine ne in furore S. Moniuszko 
Baritone Solo 
9. Hymn (Crimean Sonnet) S. Moniuszko 
Chorus 
10. Pieta Signore Stradello
Baritone Solo 
11. Lauda Sion Lambillotte
Chorus 
STAR SPANGLED BANNER