---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '3287'
image: umpire_1917_198.jpg
issue: '48'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- alcohol
- ' labor'
- ' war'
title: War Reduces Drunkenness
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WAR REDUCES DRUNKENNESS

It is very gratifying to note that war has accomplished at least one good result in this country, and that too, without loss of life, as is attested by numerous reports that come to hand from various sources.

We gather from the reports submitted at a recent conference in New York, that drunkenness has decreased greatly in that state because of the demand for labor caused by the war and ‘‘indirect’’ prohibition.

This conclusion is also sustained by the findings of the officials of the Board of Inebriety and hospital authorities, made public the other day. Arrests for intoxication dwindled from 1,522 in February to 969 in August, while the psychopathic ward in the Bellevue Hospital has had fewer alcoholic patients in the last six months than at any time in its history. Similar decreases in other hospitals also have been reported.

“Under former conditions,’” said Charles Samson, secretary of the board, ‘‘a man who lost his job through drink wasn’t able to get another one for six weeks or so. So he stayed drunk.during that time. Now an habitual drunkard loses his job on Saturday, sobers up and gets a one new on Monday. The result of indirect prohibition is that no one drinks so much and habitual drunkards are regarded with less tolerance. It has an effect all the time, but the war is the big thing."