---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '3289'
image: umpire_1917_198.jpg
issue: '48'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- Evening Bulletin
- ' tax'
- ' war effort'
- ' employment'
title: The Need of Buying Bonds
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE NEED OF BUYING BONDS

In response to several requests for information on the war tax question, we submit the following presentation of facts as gleaned from an article which appeared recently in the Evening Bulletin, believing it will make clear to the reader, why the average citizen should buy Liberty Bonds, to help the Government meet its financial needs.

“Corporations, far from being allowed to make enormous profits, are bearing much of the financial burden of the war, through tax- ation. There is a graduated war tax on all corporations, with an additional ten per cent. on those manufacturing munitions. For illustration: A corporation has a capital of $1,000,000. Prior to 1914 its profits averaged $250,000 a year, but in 1917 its profits. are $1,000,000. A reasonable net profit on its capital, or nine per cent. is exempt. By its graduated excess profits tax the Government takes from this corporation $479,400. In addition to this it must pay six per cent. on the balance, or $31,236. Total, $510,636 tax on its $1,000,000 profits. Now add the tax of fifty cents on each $100 of its capital stock in excess of $99,000, or $4,505. Total $515,141. This applies to all corporations. Munitions manufacturers must add the special tax of ten per cent., or, in this case, $100,000, making a grand total of $615,141, which the munitions corporation must pay to the Government out of its $1,000,000 profits. Its profits over those of pre-war days are only $134, 859, which considering the great increase of its business, are not excessive. This money, moreover, is distributed in dividends to its stockholders, and figure in their future imposition of the income tax and super-income tax. If the corporation has been formed since the war began, its tax is based on figures of older establishments. It must be remembered, too, that these concerns give employment at very high wages to many thousands of men who would not, otherwise, have been employed.’’