---
title: WORK THE KEY TO SUCCESS
author:
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B 7413
year: 1917
month: January
day: 10
volume: 1
issue: 2
page: 3
image: umpire_1917_011.jpg
tags:
layout: item
---

WORK THE KEY TO SUCCESS

One day last ‘October was observed as “Fdison Day’’ at the Electrical Exposition in New York City. Thirty-five years pre- vious to that the great electrician announced the invention of the incandescent light, which has practically revolutiofiized the lighting appliances of the entire civilized world. While Mr. Edison is doubtless one of the foremost inventors in the world, and many ascribe his wonderful achievements to his great genius, he personally credits it largely to his never- ceasing hard work. He puts it in these words: ““The question of natural aptitude enters into the matter, and without it no man can becomea star.”” Continued perseverance is the key to success. ‘‘In the workshop of science, the man who keeps at one thing, and never minds the clock, is always sure to do something.”” What Mr. Edison has so well stated in the words quoted, may be applied, most admirably, to the various activities of the spiritual realm. It is the worker who, by persistent endeavor, seeks to accomplish the task before him, that is sure to reach the goal and to win the prize. The “Well done’’ of the Master is earned only by never- flagging toil in the great world field.

I never knew a path so drear Hope truly could not brighten it, Nor any heavy load of fear Mirth ever failed to lighten it. Hence as I wander on my way Whatever woe sits ’stride o’ me, I’m proof at all times to dismay With Hope and Mirth ’longside o’ me.

Ideals attained cease to be ideals; then the distant peaks beckon.
