---
author: Unknown
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '3303'
image: umpire_1917_200.jpg
issue: '48'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' vaudeville'
- ' movies'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

At the meeting of the board of Governors, Monday, November 26, the payment of $12.12 to the Central News Co, for periodicals was approved. A report of donations to the Xmas Fund was made, being $92.90 to date. B 3847 gave two toy cradles to the Fund, $1.00 being realized from their sale. From sale of post cards given by B 8361 approximately $12.00 was realized. Of the dozen serving trays purchased by the Club some time since to relieve a member’s financial embarrassments, all have been sold but one, a total of $42.00 being realized. Beinga profit in excess of $10.00, some financiers are we not? Eh, what?

At the Delegates meeting on Tuesday, the 27th, the following applications for memher- ship were favorably acted upon: B8884—85 — 86— 87— 88— 89— 90— 92— 95— 6561. The Chaplain, Dr. Welch, was present, on invi- tation, and delivered a stirring message to the Officers and Delegates present. His theme was Honor, and he suggested in his remarks that there were quite a number of people who thought it only necessary to have it, but never thought of keeping it working. He pointed his remarks with a caustic wit, and we don’t doubt but there were some present forced to hurry home, and remove a few rankling barbs. We will only say in this connection, that we were home a good ten minutes earlier than usual. He asserted his entire sympathy with the work we are trying to do, and appealed to us to turn over a new leaf now, and not do as so many are doing, postpone the reform till they are out which usually means never. We expect to hear a great rustling, as of leaves turning about the first of the year. He was given a rising vote of thanks at the close of his discourse, and a sincere invitation to call again. We are only too glad to listen to one who has our welfare always in mind and heart.

ENTERTAINMENT

We must congratulate the Second Section upon the wonderfully good order maintained on Saturday, and its ready acceptance of the stricter enforcement of the rules of seating; no doubt there were some who suffered in their dignity, but they must remember that the good of the whole is paramount. The aisles leading to the stage were kept clear of all except those whose business it was to be there; the doorway was kept absolutely clear, as was the space in front of the booth. The President could hardly believe the evidence of his own eyes, and wore even more than his usual grin during the afternoon. He said conditions were the best he had yet seen, and wishes to commend everycne present. The First Section will need to be almost phenomenally goed to win that Cup, and its contents now. Everyone remained seated at the close of the performance until their Block Number was shown, and then rising, marched quietly out; it was indeed a triumph for the Second Section.

Mr. Kraupa arrived with the films, while the Professor and his faithful Band were engaged in breaking the ice, and making everybody feel at home, and before starting the picture made a short address soliciting further contributions to the Kiddies’ Fund, and announcing that Mr. Schwab, who was the donor of our projecting machine, had also presented a lens to the Club, thus saving the Club some fifteen dollars. Speaking for the whole inmate body, we tender Mr. Schwab our sincerest thanks for his generosity. We are truly fortunate in onr friends.

The picture of the afternoon was ‘‘Salomy Jane’’ a five reel thriller, screened from Bret Hartes famous story of the same name. It apparently aroused more interest than any picture shown this season, and was followed with breathless interest. It had a regret- able habit of breaking at the moment of greatest interest, and leaving the spectators in a state of almost unbearable suspense.

Anyone with heart disease should be careful about attending the shows. We are almost inclined to think sometimes that ‘‘Doc’’ in order to show his mastery of his profession amputates the film now and then, just for the pleasure of applying ‘‘first-aid,’’ but this is no more than a suspicion.

After three reels of the picture had been shown it was suspended for the nonce, and Mr. Francis Elliot, of Dumonts Minstrels appeared on the stage, garbed in the latest Paris confection, or something of the sort, and played the part of ‘‘song bird’’ to perfection. He impersonated an actress appearing at Keiths and, so far as we know, got away with it. His songs and jokes were as up to date as his dress. Mr. Bert Stanley, appearing next on the program, was prevented, by the necessity of keeping an engagement, from appearing in ‘‘black-face," but his jokes ‘‘got by,” just the same. He soon had everybody laughing, and kept tkem laughing to the end of his turn. He made a little speech at the close, wishing us all “good-luck,” and announcing his veadiness to return at some future time, and we assure him of our hearty acceptance of his offer, and hope it will not be long delayed, and that he will have more time. Mr. Jack Denton, comedian, closed the bill with a clever monologue and some songs, notably “That Band’’ which was not a reflection, and some very good parodies on popular songs, as ‘‘America, I Love You,” ‘‘The Letter That Never Reached Home’’ and ‘‘A Little Bit of Heaven.” He made a very favorable impression on his audience, and we extend to him our sincerest thanks, and a hearty invitation to return.

Miss Russell and Miss Angellotti were both present, their entrance being the signal for a spontaneous outburst of applause. The vaudeville concluded, the showing of ‘‘Salomy Jane" was resumed. The last two reels were the most exciting of all, and a bad break in the film occurring at the very culmination of a wildly exciting man-bunt so vividly recalling old times to most of the audience, there would probably have been a number of cases of nervous prostration had not the alert Professor hurled the Band into the breach, and by a splendid rendition of “Joan of Arc’’ calmed the fluttering pulses of the audience. The picture finished to everybody’s satisfaction, with Salomy Jane in the hero’s arms, and the villain discomfited, the members filed out, feeling ‘‘a little bit of all right.”

Next Saturdry, December 8, the first Section comes forth as follows: 12B, 12-1G, 12-2 G, 10B, 1B, 11B, 8B, 9B, 6B, 6G.