---
author: Multiple
day: '5'
editor: B-7413
id: '3304'
image: umpire_1917_200.jpg
issue: '48'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- classifieds
title: The Umpire "Ad" Column
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs 35¢ to $1.50. B 1381, 7th Block.

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates B 17386, 3rd Block

FOR SALE—Watch fobs; also fancy bead necklaces for ladies. Prices reas. B 5575, 6 B.

POLISHING done. Tables and jewel boxes estimates cheerfully given. B 8156 6 Block. HANDSOME pin cusions of different designs. See B 8327 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Birds, males and females; cages. B 7507, 3rd Block. 

FOR SALE 12 string mandolin and case in good order. $6.00. B 3142, 5th Gallery. 

FOR SALE—Inlaid boxes. Prices reasonable. B 6523, 7th Block. 

FOR SALE—Children’s toys. on hand, and made to order. B 3847, 7th B. 

FOR SALE—Bead fobs 50¢ each. Any design made to order by expert bead worker. B 5958, 10th Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy circles made of beads in flag shape; also gold tipped flags. Cheap. B 6343, 2nd Gallery—12th Block. 

FOR SALE—Hand-made lace. Clover leaf pattern 50¢ a yard and up. At Storehouse and to order. Made by B 8641, 3rd Block. 

PICTURE frames made to order at reasonable prices. Satisfaction guaranteed. B 3079, 1st Block. 

SACRED HEARTS painted in oil on white satin, 7x10; price 50¢ each. No orders taken after December 15. B 6560 7th Gallery. 

TYPEWRITING done at very low rates. B 8784, 8th Block.

FOR SALE—Fine line of bead watch fobs on hand. Special designs made to order by expert workman. B 6452, 1st Block. 

WATCHES, clocks, phonographs and otber small mechanisms repalred Conscientious workmanship and fair prices. B 7466, 5th Gal. 

FOR SALE—Edison phonograph in good condition, with 16 records and horn. Going out. B 7540 6th Gallery.

FOR SALE—Foot-power scrole saw in good condition equipped with emery wheel and drill chuck. B 6450, 1st Block.