---
author: Unknown
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '3305'
image: umpire_1917_201.jpg
issue: '49'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '1'
tags:
- imagination
- ' New Way'
- ' penal press'
- ' advice'
title: The New Light
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE NEW LIGHT

“People nowadays think more about the look of schoolrooms than they used to. They know that bright, lofty rooms, light-tinted walls with a few pleasant pictures, tastefully curtained windows letting in plenty of sun, and some flowers here and there on the tables and desks, have their effect upon the children’s spirits and health and make the teachers’ work easier.

“And the prisoner knows that if the same principle were considered in the fittings of his cell, the dining room and workshops, his mental atmosphere would be a good deal bettered.

“Let us go in a little deeper. How are our minds fitted up? Are the colors blue and gold,or gray, brown and black? The thing seems important, for we have to live in our minds all the time. And our habitual thoughts get into a kind of association with our surroundings, sothat when a man gets back to his cell he finds himself all mixed up again with the thoughts or moods he has left there in the air or clinging about the walls.

“Imagination is a great power we use very little. Consequently it’s very weak and needs practising up. Hope is one form of imagination getting to work. To hope that the mind will one day fill up with light, that the brain and heart will, as it were, get hung with blue and gold instead of gray and black,— is a way of working the imagination. It would seem that a right sort of hope is that subtle spiritual something that the better class of old alchemists were speaking of as the thing competent to alter the ‘lead’ of human nature into ‘gold.' It is a kind of light going into our dark places and clearing out the shadows and glooms. It weakens out that everlasting I, I, which gives us so much pain and trouble. It makes uskindlier, more ready to see good, more tolerant, wishful to throw out to others the light we have lit up in ourselves, less selfish, more ready to give and share. It makes present restrictions much lighter and life easier. And it produces a line of uplifting thoughts which gradually displace all the old grim, hostile, despairing thoughts with which we have filled our minds and darkened the atmosphere of our cells.

This is in line with the New Way.