---
author: Unknown
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '3316'
image: umpire_1917_202.jpg
issue: '49'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- apples
- ' information literature'
title: Apples Palliate Evil
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

APPLES PALLIATE EVIL

An English correspondent relates that a former governor of Milbank prison said that he ‘‘always had hope of the final reformation of a prisoner, no matter how violent or depraved he might be, so long as he retained an appetite for apple pie.”

Everybody has known for a long time that apples were good and good for people. What other morsels of the gods combined so truely and delicately the zephyrs of June, the gold of July, the fragrance of summer rains, the sharpness of early frost, the richness of the earth and the splendor of the heavens? What boy was ever worth counting that did not eat more apples than he ought? And what man with the epicure’s touch added to his boyish love, does not at the bottom of his heart recognize that to put apples between flaky crusts is to mingle nectar and ambrosia? Let the frost be never so thick on the pumpkin and the choppers grind their mincemeat never so fine—these are for occasions. But apple pie is for living. But about apple pie and morals. We think that’s fairly evident. It’s not a cause, but a test. What it means is that no man who retains his affection for apple pie has lost his kinship with human nature. And no man who still shares common human feelings can be a monster, or wholly bad and past hope of saving. To all of which we thoroughly agree. Now bring on the apple pie.