---
author: B-6935
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '3326'
image: umpire_1917_203.jpg
issue: '49'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '3'
tags:
- Thanksgiving
- ' movies'
- ' ESP news'
- ' dinner'
title: An Echo of Thanksgiving Day
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

AN ECHO OF THANKSGIVING DAY

Thanksgiving week was one of the most pleasant we have had within these walls. Many thanks to God Almighty for the favors and blessings bestowed on us in the pastyear, also to the Warden; to Mr. Rube and wife; to Miss Elsie; to Mr. Kraupa, and to all who so generously remembered us and tried to drive away the gloom and make our lives the brighter.

Thanksgiving Day was indeed a day of thanks for all on this block. Frieda, our cook, prepared us a dandy dinner, and treated us to ice cream, cake and apples.

B 8233 who left us a short time agoremem- bered us and sent us candy, cake and peanuts. B 8888 remembers us at least once a week and we heartily thank her and hope she will soon obtain her freedom. The Concert on the Center was enjoyed by all. We certainly get good music, and our one regret was that the clock ticked too fast.

Saturday, Mr. Kraupa and his assistant were on the job with the pictures. We had the pleasure of seeing ‘‘Shore Acres,” and we wish there were more like ‘‘Uncle Nat.’’ We also had a Triangle Picture a ‘‘Male Governess.” It only proved how love finds a way. Mrs. Rube again favored us with musiec. Mr. Rube was also present but kept very quiet. Our Matron enjoyed the fun. Mother Barakat was with us in the afternoon. Thanking all who help us we are the women of the Second Block.

B 6935.