---
author: A-8432
day: '12'
editor: B-7413
id: '3329'
image: umpire_1917_204.jpg
issue: '49'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' music'
- ' charity'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

At the meeting of the Board of Delegates on Tuesday, December 4, the following applications for membership were received and favorably acted upon. B 8894, 8397 and 8900. A loan of $5.00 to B 7379 at the Gate was approved. Receipt of $70.00 from the local branch of the Red Cross for bead emblems furnished by the Club was reported. A gift of $50.00 to the Boy Scout Fund was approved. Payment of $4.56 to the Central News Company for periodicals was approved.

We will say couldn’t possibly contribute to a worthier cause. Some of us have perhaps dropped a penny in a collection plate now and again, and charged it up to life insurance. It is the best form of life insurance that we gave to, then. The sum we gave will insure perhaps a score or more of young lives against shame and dishonor as we know. It will insure them against reform school, jail and “pen.” Why, we’ll bet our next Friday'’s dinner that it would be harder to find an ex-Boy Scout in a prison than to find a Republi- can in Texas: the hardest task we know. The report of the Treasurer showed a balance of $105.40 in the Club Treasury, so our generosity didn’t bankrupt us.

The Band had not ceased playing the overture, when Mr. Kraupa and the IHon. Jimmy arrived with the films, and soon the audience had forgotten its own troubles in following the adventures of the characters in a five-reel feature, ‘‘The Iced Bullet.” The central character was one of the so-called ‘‘scientific” detectives who so abound in literature, and the spectators found much of interest in his work. After four reels of this had been run off, a halt was called, Miss Russell and Miss Angellotti having arrived in the interim.

These two ladies braved all the rigors of a very stormy day that they might help us to an hours enjoyment. Yes, we agree with you, all who came Saturday deserve a vote of thanks. Miss Russell announced that Miss Angellotti would be unable to play for us after the 22nd, and suggested that we try and draft a substitute from among the rank and file, Well, we feel about as we always felt when the druggist and the grocer-man would say ‘‘Here’s somethmg just as good.” We knew there couldn’t be something ‘‘just as good,” but we couldn’t help ourselves, so we took it, and generally sent Johnny back with it as soon as we had gotten it home and showed it to the wife,

First to appear was Mr. Al Davis, comedian, who sang some comic songs, notably “In the Morning’’and "Uncle Tom’s Cabin;” joked a little; did some very effective clog dancing, and passed; leaving us much the merrier for his appearing. The next “turn’’ had the audience guessing. Master Jackie right here that the Club in his ‘‘make-up’’ looked a very boarding-school miss; and it wasn’t till the finale, when the golden curls were rent away, and he appeared in knickers, that their doubts were dissolved, and we believe some of them aren’t convinced yet despite Miss Russell’s assurance that she had ‘‘slipped one over on us.” He closed with singing ‘‘Over There,’’ in propria persona, and was altogether a decided hit. We would be glad to see him again. The Three Harmony ‘‘Bugs’’ followed in a mostly singing act, spiced with a line or two of talk. ‘‘Harbor Lights,” and “I’m Going Back to My Old Girl’’ were their best numbers.

Mr. Edmond Haines, well and truthfully entitled “The Nordica of Vaudeville” made his third appearance we believe on the localstage and we positively assure him he can’t come to often. For him the latch-string is always out. We are sure Madam Nordica, in her palmiest days, never looked so distinguished, or reached nearer Heaven in her high notes. His closing number ‘‘I Hear You Calling Me”’ quite reconciled us to the fact that we didn’t get to hear McCormack on Friday night. We are still more deeply in Mr. Haines debt, by reason of another delightful fifteen minutes. Mr. Jack Devlin kept his promise to return, and repeated his triumph of the previous Saturday. Reynolds & Francis, a brace of young gentlemen, one at least postessing a really fine voice, made fifteen minutes pass for us very quickly with a singing, dancing, and talking act, which included some pretty good ‘‘business.” Grand & Ketchell, eccentric dancers, then showed us more dancing “stunts’’ than the most of us had dreamed ever existed. We don’t doubt, could these gentlemen have danced before Herod, he’d have given them, not only John Baptist’s head, but the whole works, Salome and her mamma included. A cordial invitation to return is extended to you gentlemen. The Three Melody Fiends closed the afternoon’s bill with a singing act, which was very acceptable to the audience, in particular their parody on “Then I'll Come Back to You.” The remaining reel of the picture was then run off to an exciting and satisfying finisk, and the members went home (7) to tea feeling that it had, indeed, been a large afternoon, whatever the promise of the evening.

Next Saturday, December 15th, the Sec- ond Section will go out as foliows: 7 B, 7 G, 3 B, 5 B, 5 G, 4 B, 4 G.

The following is the Kiddies’ Xmas Fund Donations collected to date: Dec. 10, 1917.

1st Block, $4.40. 3rd Block, $4.20. Block, $2.20. 4th Gallery, $2.65. $5.90. 5th Gallery, $2.25. 6th Block, $4.00. 6th Gallery, $5.35. 7th Block, $13.05. 7th (rallery, $6.45, 8th Block, $5.25. 9th Block, $2.85. 10th Block, $3.30. 11th Block, $22.50. 12th Block, $9.90. 12-1st Gallery, $3.25. 12- 2nd Gallery, $1.10. Total. $98.40.

We wish to kindly ask of those whehave not as yet sent in their donations for the fund to please send it in before the same closes. We also wish to thank each and every one fcr their kind assistance in raising this fund, for God loves a Cheerful Giver, as we were children once upon a time, and oh! how happy were we to wake up on that cold Xmas morning to find that Santa Claus had put something in our stocking.

We are behind these gray walls, but God knows we are making some little chlld happy with out little mite.

—A 8432 Chairman.