---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '3332'
image: umpire_1917_205.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- advice
title: Learn From Everyone
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

LEARN FROM EVERYONE

“No matter from what source it may spring, never fail to profit by anything you can learn,’’ said a prominent man in the business world recently.

“If you observe the ordinary day laborer at his work you can learn to appreciate more fully how completely brain work outstrips all other grades. Be a thinker.

“From a mechanic you can note how he adapts his materials to his needs and finally succeeds in his object. Be persistent.

“From a newsboy you can see where alertness succeeds. Before completing one sale he shouts for the next and keeps his eyes open. Be observing.

“From a co-worker you can see in what particulars he excels. Note these points. Emulate him.

“From an unsuccessful merchant in any line you can mark the characteristics which tend toward failure and strive to avoid them. Be on guard.

“From the successful concerns in your neighbochood you can learn to watch their methods and imitate such as will strengthen your weaker points. Be wise.

"From the changeable, who is here today and in another location tomorrow, you can learn the lesson of the rolling stone. Be reliable.

“From the slovenly you can note how he often fails without knowing why. Be neat.

"And so on it goes up and down the scale of human endeavor.

"Recent discoveries in psychology have taught us that the human mind is a storehouse of the most powerful and subtle forces, which may be turned to our advantage if we but learn how to use them.”