---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '3337'
image: umpire_1917_205.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '1'
tags:
- Christmas
- ' entertainment'
- ' justice system'
title: Wards of Court to be Given Christmas Cheer
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

WARDS OF COURT TO BE G1VEN CHRISTMAS CHEER

It is announced that the Municipal Court at Christmas time will give its 2500 children under probation another evidence that it wants more to help than to punish them. On Christmas Day, from every nook and corner of the poorer parts of the city, hundreds of boys and girls will flock to a Christmas celebration at St. Vincent’s Home building, Twentieth and Race streets, now the property of the Municipal Court. These children have been in court, but are out under the watchful eyes of probation officers who will notify all their little charges to come, have a good time and get a present.

In view of the distance which children from some of the outlying districts, like Germantown and Frankford, would have to travel, Rice Garland, executive secretary of the Municipal Court, announced yesterday that there would be separate celebrations in various sections of the city under the charge of local committees. In South Philadelphia a moving-picture theatre has been promised for the afternoon, and the children will have a treat with the ‘‘movies’’ in addition to their tree.

Joseph Costello is chairman of the entertainment committee, and Miss Margaret Reynolds, a probation officer, is treasurer.

All the children out on probation are trylng to keep the straight and narrow path, and many of them would be forgotten at Christmas time but for the efforts of the Municipal Court. There is also to be a celebration at the House of Detention under the direction of Henry Richardson, superintendent.