---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '3341'
image: umpire_1917_206.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- editorial
- ' advice'
title: Courage and Faith Will Win
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

COURAGE AND FAITH WILL WIN

Some one has said that ‘‘there are hearts that bend but do not break.”

No doubt of that. There are natures so cheerful, so optimistic, that even though adversity meets them early on the way their serenity is not greatly disturbed and they face about ready to make a new start with a song of cheer in the heart.

An excellent example of this cheery disposition is recalled to mind in the person of a well known character who may be found on the daily round of his activities in the business section of a great city. His bent, bowed figure bespeaks the sad fact that fate has not delt kindly with him, and he is crippled in such a way that his movements are slow. His clothing, though neatly kept, plainly indicate the added pinch of poverty. In fact he is the physical embodiment of hard luck, and his appearance appeals to one’s smypathy.

And yet, this sorry figure of a man goes on his painful way with unbroken cheer. He is ever humming or whistling some lively tune. As you pass him you may hear fragments of the grand operas or the familiar notes of an old song. And as he hums or whistles his eyes brighten and he seems to radiate good cheer. If you glance at his face you forget the misshapen body and note mainly the wholesome soul it depicts. Converse with him and this impression is confirmed. And as he says, ‘‘he holds no grudge with unkind fate.” He works when he can, and he really does what he has in hand in g very thorough manner.

In the doing, it may be noted. there is no work of dissatisfaction. He is no noisy ‘‘industrial worker,” complaining against everything in the universe. And a quality that endears him to many 1s his apparent gratitude for favors, though he is never obsequious.

From a man acquainted with his past life, it is learned that this unfortunate caricature of hardy manhood was once a stalwart and prosperous merchant in a distant city. He had all that a loving husband and kind father could wish; a wife he deeply loved, and a daughter that was the delight of his heart. His business was prosperous and he was rated well in the community.

One night fire broke out in his home and before water could be turned on the burning mass, his home was in ruins, and this man was buried in the debris. When extracted he was but the battered form of a man, and what he endured no tongue or pencan describe.

The charred remains of his wife and daughter were afterwards found in the ruins of his home, and the flames had also destroyed the entire stock of his business leaving nothing but bare walls standing.

On recovering from the frightful burns and bruises this man left the city of his sorrows ‘‘so as to forget’’ as he says. Now he may be found almost any day in the streets of a nearby city, whistling or humming as he stumps along.

With the evidence of such a cheery soul before us there is little excuse for any man to sit around and bewail his fate. There is always room in the world for a man who has the conrage to face his misfortunes, come what may.

Courage and a stout heart will always win out if we add the faith that removes mountains.