---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '3342'
image: umpire_1917_206.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- New Era
- ' penal press'
- ' servic'
title: Success Measured by Service
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

SUCCESS MEASURED BY SERVICE

“Today it is becoming a more established fact that man can only live in measure as he serves. And he canonly serve successfully in measure as he esteems others greater than himself.

‘‘Humanity is beginning to comprehend the seriousness of the truth, although it is slow in accepting its doctrines. The spirit of selfishness and greed, has, through custom and practice of a money-mad populace, so intrenched itself in the hearts of men everywhere, that it is rather difficult of quick eradication.”

‘‘Service to mankind has been neglected,” says the editor of the New Era.

“The popularity of Lincoln was not accidental. At all times he was wanted because he could always render a service. Service was uppermost in his mind during the country’s dark days. And it should be uppermost in the minds of all individuals during our present dark days.

“Lincoln worked patiently, keeping near him men who opposed him, men who sought to thwart him at every turn. He turned aside from the courses which he himself would have liked to follow, because in turning he saw the best chance to serve.

“Lincoln’s life of service should prove an inspiration to every one of us.

"If we should live wisely and serve others successfully, we must discover a wisdom that is wiser than our own, and a strength which is greater than we possess. If our energies are not to be wasted drawing a knotless thread through the rustly garments of time, but to be used in constructive endeavor to improve the conditions humanity has drifted into, we must, individually and collectively, pay more attention to the principles of the Golden Rule.”