---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '3344'
image: umpire_1917_206.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- Evening Telegraph
- ' war'
title: Flashes of Truth
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

FLASHES OF TRUTH

In a speculative essay an English philosopher suggests that the complexity and magnitude of affairs have far outstripped the power of the human mind to grasp their meaning and control their destiny. Proportionately the human mind has grown smaller and the world of events and movements has grown larger, and today we are struggling with problems too big for us.

There is an element of truth in this thought. Few individuals, says the Evening Telegraph, have not at times felt the impulse of despair in the effort to interpret the news of the war. The war is on such a mammoth scale that we cannot see it in its entirety.

But idleness and inaction of mind and body are utterly foreign to human nature, and we struggle on according to our lights.

None of us knows the future. If it is dark and mysterious we dare not take our chances snoozing idly. We must do what we can to make ourselves safe, and perform some service for civilization. Flashes of truth illumine our immediate tasks. From across the Atlantic gleam the rockets signaling the call for help. An American officer in France sends a message:

“For God’s sake keep up your work with the American people! This war is not won yet, neither is its winning a foregone conclusion or any reasonable certainty. The United States can bring the decision if it will act with a vigor and determination and resourcefulness of which its people are individually capable. but there is not an hour to be lost, and indecision or muddling may be fatal."

Not all knowledge is our province, but our utmost effort is our duty, where the light shines clear amid the surrounding darkness.