---
author: Unknown
day: '19'
editor: B-7413
id: '3357'
image: umpire_1917_208.jpg
issue: '50'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' vaudefulle'
- ' movies'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

BUSINESS

At the Delegates Meeting on Tuesday, December 11, the following made application for membership in the Club, and were accepted, B 8883, 8893, 8898, 8902, 8903, 8906, 8907, 8891 and 8896, who each contributed 10¢ to the Club’s treasury. Wewarmly welcome the above numbered gentlemen to our midst, and hope that they will keep comstantly in mind the Club’s motto. Hope: that it’s all for the best; and that some day, when we’ve done our little “bit,” and learned our little lesson, we’ll settle down, and stop trying to be a ‘‘devil’’ in somebody else’s home—or town: Faith: that things can’t be as bad as they seem; and that we’re not licked yet, even though the Referee has counted ‘‘ten,’’ or maybe, ‘‘twenty’’ on us: Charity: for all, even on Fridays. Financial transactions of the week were the loan of $5.00 to B &646 to relieve him of an embarrassing situation; and the gift of the same sum to B 6157; lately in charge of the Club’s Circulating Library, on his leaving; for good and efficient service. The sum of $6.00 was received during the week from the 2nd Block, being its contribution to the Kiddies’ Xmas Fund. So generous a gift places it fifth on the list, and tends to give two-thirds of the Blocks, and Galleries the appearance of being Locals of the Tight-Wads Union. But 'twas ever thus, the Woman Pays.

ENTERTAINMENT

The starting of Saturday’s entertainment was somehwat delayed owing to the difficult experience of our outside friends in getting here, due to bad weather conditions. The Professor and his gallant band worked hard to fill in; and to the delay was due the discovery of a hitherto undiscovered musical genius, in the person of our versatile Vice-President, who led the band thrcugh a musical number with such dash and verve, as to leave them far behind him at the finish by the most reliable count of no less than five up-and-down strokes, and three complete circles of the baton. There is a rumor, as yet un- confirmed, that he is considering an offer from Sousa. In the absence of Mr. Kraupa, and Miss Angellotti, the services of "Jimmy" B 7251, the local ‘‘Music Master’’ was secured, and the first act of the vaudeville presented in the person of “The Great Maivino,” now retired, but still possessed of all his former skill of jugglery. He told some very good stories, related a buriesque history of his life, and gave a demonstration of his defiance of all the laws of gravitation. He was given a fine reception, and carried with him on his leaving the best wishes of all.

Cadet & Vaupt, armed with violin and accordion, foillowed and showed a fine mastery of their respective instruments. For a brief space we thought that it was Kreisler & Pietro in disguise, they so filled the air with melody; and certainly if there is a Lost Chord —which we sometimes doubt, for we believe we’ve heard every chord there is in musie, and some whiech aren’t, sounded here at night—they found it. The Songland Trio succeeded, and both literally and figuratively made the audience ‘‘sit up.” Three more charming little maids couldn’t be found this side of —Bustleton, and their singing made us believe there were fairies elsewhere than in Ireland. ‘‘The Long, Long Trail,” “When the Mission Bells are Ringing’’ and ‘‘Good-bye Broadway, Hello France,” were loudly applauded by the appreciative audience, and we are sure we speak for all in tendering them the heartiest of invitations to return.

Reynolds & Francis, who ‘‘made good’’ on the previous Saturday, re-appeared with some new jokes and songs: notably ‘‘I may be Gone for a Long, Long Time,” which reminded some of the audience of the fact that they might be here for a long, long time and quite a few handkerchiefs were dampened. What greater tribute to his artistry could a singer ask? It doesn’t need much to make a man laugh, the veriest fool can accomplish as much with ease, but it requires an artist to bring tears. ‘‘Miss’’ Jackie, ‘‘The Camouflage Kid”—readers wishing to learn the correct pronunciation of ‘‘camouflage" are referred to the Information Bureau which will be temporarily re-opened for the purpose—came back, and repeated hissuccess of the former Saturday. Here’s a suggestion to Washington: why not send ‘‘Miss’’ Jackie to France, and have him teach his art to our “Sammees,” who disguised as chorus-girls could probably sing-and-dance their way to Berlin before the Boche could penetrate their disguise. I doubt if the Head of the German Secret Service could have penetrated “Miss’’ Jackie’s disguise on Saturday, it was so letter perfect. We don’t ask a cent for the above idea, but like a pure minded patriot present it freely to the Government. The Broadway Dancers accepted our invitation to return, anddid as good work as before.

We are not sure who invented eccentric dancing, whether it was the Vernon Castles, or'the famous ‘‘hen-on-a-hot-griddle,” but whoever it may have been, they must grant that these gentlemen have improved upon the patent.

The vaudeville brought to a happy conclusion, Mr. Kraupa, and the Hon. Jimmy proceeded to do their part in the providing us with an afternoon’s enjoyment. A two reel Drama, entitled ‘‘Tricked’’ was first presented. The booth in its new position in the back of the Hall made a new and stronger Jens necessary, and unfortunately the one secured didn’t quite measure up to the task, even with the booth moved up as far as the connections would permit; so that the picture was a bit faint at times, but we hope tohave this condition remedied before next Saturday. The Show closed with a riotously funny Farce, entitled ‘‘A Feathered Nest’’ a story of bucolic misadventure, with Louise Fazenda in the stellar role. It was produc- tive of a rich harvest of laughs, and caused everybody to go heme in high good humor.

Next Saturday, December 22, the First Section will be out, as follows: 12—2G, 10B, 1B, 11B, 8B, 9B, 6B, 6G, 12—1G, 12B.

Donations for Kiddies’ Xmas Fund for the week ending December 15, 1917.

R 5579, 8141, $1.00. B 6935, 60¢. B 5625, 8114, 8642, 8584, 8510, 50¢. B 8696, 45¢. B 8528, 35¢. B 7471, 30c. B 8597, 8286, 8511, 8504, 8280, 8888, 8666, 25c. B 8654, 20c. B 8435, 15¢. B 8795, 6257, 7984, 10c. B 8209, 8661, 5c. Miss Trayer, 75c.