---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '3365'
image: umpire_1917_210.jpg
issue: '51'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- editoria
- ' Christmas'
title: The Source of Christmas Cheer
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE SOURCE OF CHRISTMAS CHEER

The return of the Christmas season serves to remind us of the growing need of a more continuous state of happiness of the kind which tradition has associated with this season. For as we grow older, we realize this need not less than the lost opportunities for happiness which have been associated with the busier side of life.

It is true that there is a time for work and a time for play. There is also a time for joy and a time for spiritual reflection, and it is meet that we should so adjust our lives that each mood could have its proportionate shave, that a well ordered whole would follow as the result.

Unfortunately the trend of affairs in modern life is lacking in the essentials that produce happiness, and to many life becomesa burden of cares and troubles that canker the heart and rob us of the peace and joy of life that is our inherent right.

There is no royal read to relief from a life that has lost its savor. We must rest a while and build anew, so that the sunlight of love—God’s love—will penetrate the darkened corners of the temple and beautify the whole.

It is well worth giving time to do. But no man can become transformed in his sleep; ‘‘and to fulfil the condition required demands a certain amount of prayer and meditation and time, just as an improvement in any direction, bodily or mental, requires care and preparation.’’ The souls growth is slow.

If we look back upon the past life it will be seen that ‘‘the moments that stand out, the moments when we have really lived, are the moments when we have done things in a spirit of love.”

A spirit of love. That is the true Christmas cheer. Without that quality everything else is a mere sham, and is vain. Everything ‘else in our lives is fleeting. ‘‘All other good is visonary. But the acts of love, they never fail.”