---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '3367'
image: umpire_1917_210.jpg
issue: '51'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
_page: '2'
tags:
- mistletoe
- ' information literature'
- ' '
title: The Ancient Mistletoe
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE ANCIENT MISTLETOE

It is said that the cutting of mistletoe was a very important ceremony among the ancient Druids. Five days after the new moon they went in stately procession to the forest and raised an alter of grass beneath the finest mistletoe-bearing oak they could find: the arch-Druid ascended the oak and with a golden knife removed the sacred parasite, the inferior priest stood beneath and caught the plant upon a white cloth, for if a portion of it but touched the ground (Loki’s empire) it was an omen of misfortune to the land. The mistletoe was distributed among the people on the first day of the new year. As it was supposed to possess the mystic virtue of giving fertility and a power to preserve from poison, the ceremony of kissing under the mistletoe may have some reference to this orignail belief! writes, Henry Collins Welsh. Now, the mistletoe was dedicated to Freya so long as it did not touch earth, and so it is always hung from the ceilings of houses; it is curious to note that it is still considered very unlucky if the mistletoe is dropped or placed upon the ground, which superstition is evidently a relic of the Scandinavian legend.

But, setting aside Druidical and pagan practices, let us see what part the mistletoe played in mediaeval times. It seems pretty well established that it once had a place among the evergreen employed in the Christmas decoration of churches, but it was subsequently excluded. Home states thatit was banished together with kissing in the church, which practice had established itself at a certain time of the service. Brand, however, asserts that the mistletoe never entered into sacred edifices except by mistake, and assigns it a place in the kitchen, where it was hung up in great state, with its white berries, and whatever female chanced to stand under it the young man present either had a right or claimed one, of saluting her and of plucking off a berry at each kiss.” Nares makes it ominous for the maid not so saluted, and says: ‘‘The custom longest preserved was the hanging up of a bush of mistletoe in the kitchen or servants’ hall, with the charm attached to it that the maid who was not kissed under it at Christmas would not be married in that year.’’