---
author: Unknown
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '3369'
image: umpire_1917_210.jpg
issue: '51'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '2'
tags:
- charity
title: The Actors' Christmas
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

THE ACTORS’ CHRISTMAS

The troupe had been playing in hard luck. Fifty dollars, $65, now and then $100, were the nightly receipts, hardly enocugh to pay for the railroad ‘‘jumps’’ let alone pay salaries. There was just enough money in the treasury to get to Wayville on Christmas night. It was one of those ‘‘East Lynne’’ ‘‘the child is with its mother in London’’ pieces, and when the company straggled into the town at midday the local theater manager was at the station to be sure they had the eight actors.

The players wandered about the town during the day. The curtain went up on $24.75, most of it in the gallery. Some of the $24 75 went out at the end of the second act and didn’t come back. When the final curtain came down a weary crowd scattered to the chill dressing rooms, wondering if the hotel proprietor would stop them at the station next morning.

This speculation was at its height when the theatre manager of the town appeared, his arms filled with bundles, and dumped them into the arms of the youngest member of the troupe.

‘‘Say,” he blustered, apparently a little ashamed of what he was going to say ‘‘you people are having rotten luck, ain’t you? I’m all alone up at my house. Come up and have supper with me, will you? And, say, I’ve had a bit of luck this year, and I'll stake you to the nights receipts. And those things I gave the the kid, they— well, they once belonged to a kid of mine,”

And he went out.

One of the women started to cry—

That’s where the story ends.