---
author: A. H. C.
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '3370'
image: umpire_1917_211.jpg
issue: '51'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '3'
tags:
- story
- ' justice system'
title: At the Crossing
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

At The Crossing

By A. H. C.

The morning court had opened and several prisoners discharged. The judge began to fear permament softening of the heart and therefore took grim satisfaction when the name Timothy McMenamin, was called and there shambled into the dock a chronic offender whose appearance left no remote possibility of the further painful exercise of discretionary powers.

Qilence reigned while his Honor scanned the card. From highway robbery and safe-cracking the record of Timothy ran the entire gamut of inspiring action, and by some subtle mental telepahy the crowd knew that he had indeed been a man of parts. The Judge read aloud from the indictment, to which Timothy had sullenly pleaded ‘‘Guilty.”

"Soliciting alms upon the public thorough-fare and vagrancy.”

Then fraught with deep agrieve, his “Why —Timothy!” caught the levity of the crowded court room.

The Judge pursed pondering lips. Then a playful thought was his.

"Are you represented by counsel, Timothy?”

Timothy was not.

“Mr. Wallace!”’

If a room may be said to gasp, that court room gasped.

"The rubber rattle of the impromptu assignment, usually thrown the teething tyro, given to the very leader of the bar!

His Honor was indeed facetious. Wallace, engaged in an undertone confab with a court clerk, looked up, converted the instinctive gesture of impatience into one of good-natured acquiscence and stepped forward.

The Judge assumed due solemnity.

"Mr. Wallace, we have here a knight errant of most distinguished parts. He has sojourned in many public institutions. A most cosmopolitan citizen and of unquestioned social standing; having met some of the best wardens in the country. Some twenty years ago he committed a little indiscretion up in Montour County, dwelling there subsequently for a period of six months. That being your own native heath, Mr. Wallace, would it not be chivalric and neighborly on your part to volunteer your professional services!”

The crowd enjoyed the speech and scene. In all his years at the bar no one had ever seen Wallace nonplussed. Now his Honor had succeeded in ‘‘putting one over’’ on him. His “Certainly, your Honor’’ was but insticttive. Of the purport of a possible plea Wallace had no remote idea. So he turned and indulged in a critically professionally survey of his client.

As he took in the sullen figure, unshaven, unkempt and hard, the forbidding aspect painfully accentuated by the deepened lines in his face—what came over the attorney? Masterful and adroit though he was, it certainly seemed that Wallace—William K. Wallace— trembled through an acute second of actual stage fright, the horrible unnerved instant when the mind gropes and finds no substance of thought. Yes, his Honor had scored.

Then, himself again, he addressed the Court. Quietly, almost conversationally and entirely away from the subject at hand; but this was Wallace, and no one stayed him.

“I was born in Centre County, your Honor, not Montour, but so close to the county line that your Honor’s impression is to all intents and purposes correct. So close, in fact, that right down the driveway, scarcely a hundred yards away, one could step into Montour County by crossing the railroad tracks, for they were the county line at that corner.

“We lived there contentedly, your Honor; a good father, a sainted mother, myself a grown boy and—and a baby sister. She had come late. Perhaps that’s one reason we made so much of her. Just turned two she was, and a little bundle of winsomeness She gathered to herself all the glinting morning sunlight of the mountain tops.’’

People stirred restlessly, This was not like Wallace. True, he sometimes indulged in sentiment before a jury and ofttimes moved the sturdy yeomanry to free some red-handed rascal regardless of the facts. But to parade his own early rural days and his little sister—well, it only indicated that he was sore pressed.

“Through that valley the magnificent Blue Diamond Express went thundering by, bearing its burden of the prosperous and contended. But then there were other trains, the long slow freights that wended their way laden, down the valley. They too carried, passengers on the couplings cramped up underneath or smuggled into the corner of a box-car. These were of the underworld—the discontented and disinherited. The tramp, the outcast perchance the criminal, making his getaway from city to city.”

He glanced keenly, quickly, his client was beginning to emerge from stolid indifference.

“The Jones Crossing, as they called it, was not so well guarded twenty years ago asnow, your Honor. And one day this little two-year-old took it into her little baby head to roam. Perhaps childish fancy paints the wild flowers on a distant hill brighter; perhaps some errant butterfly winged its random way,across the tracks—who knows?

“At all events, the wanderlust seized her tiny feet and she had come just so near Montour County that she had but to cross the far track to have completely changed jurisdiction. And there she stood, for a big slow-moving train of empties occupied that track. Puzzled? Perhaps, a little; but still it was a matter of no moment. Neither, your Honor, was the big, thundering Blue Diamond. Why should it be? There existed in all this world no such thing as either evil or fear. "And as she waited, transfixed only by wonderment as the monster thing bore down on her. I’m aware your Honor, that in every well-appointed melodrama the hero always appears at the proper instant. But in real life sometimes—well, we have tried cases in our courts, the purpose of which was to determine the dollar value of that for which there can be no recompense—a baby life crushed out.”

He paused for an impressive second.

“And this was my baby sister.

“Oh, yes, they saw her when less than two hundred feet away. Along that straightaway the Montour Valley Railroad Company, in its corporate wisdom, shot its Blue Diamond seventy miles an hour. The engineer was the best man on the line—and he fainted dead away. He had a baby of his own. Instinct made him throw on the brakes as well a child's bucket of sand on the tracks! Down, down, it came, shrieking, crashing, pounding and swirling from side to side; belching its hell of destruction and rasping its million sparks as the brakes half gripped. Only one small mercy vouchsafed by its awful might and momentum—instant death!”

Dramatically Wallace passed his hand over his forehead. The Judge had done the same. So well had he played upon their emotions that he sensed to perfection the proper pause duration.

“No, your Honor,”’ he said quietly, ‘‘she did not die. This little story of real life followed the conventional. Sometimes God is as good as the dramatist. They told us the meagre details. He didn’t; he had a pressing engagement and slipped away, resuming, I suppose, his ‘reservations’ on his Blue Diamond. He wasn’t very pre-possessing, anyway, from all accounts. Any ten-twenty-thirty dramatist cculd have given us a more presentable, better manicured hero.”

Wallace sauntered a little.

“This object that tumbled from a box-car, sprawled, picked himself up and then jumped like a cat, was, as a matter of fact, a nobody, an outcast, a crook—"

Casually, it seemed, his hand rested on the bowed shoulder of the broken old man.

‘‘Just an old yeggman, making his way —’

He got no further. The court room was in an uproar and unrestrained applause ran its riotous course. There was none to check it.

His Honor, savagely surrepitious with his handkerchief, finally took command of himself and the situation.

“Mr. Wallace, the Court requires no argument in this case. We will accept the guarantee of future good conduct which ycu were about to offer, and, if necessary, underwrite it ourselves. Sentence suspended!”