---
author: B-8266
day: '25'
editor: B-7413
id: '3371'
image: umpire_1917_212.jpg
issue: '51'
layout: item
month: '12'
newspaper: The Umpire
page: '4'
tags:
- Honor Club
- ' entertainment'
- ' movies'
title: Honor Club Notes
volume: '6'
year: '1917'
---

Honor Club Notes

The annual election of officials of the H. F. C. was held Tuesday, December 18. It was marked by the most perfect harmony, and an entire absence of steam-roller methods. The Hon. Reuben C. McKenty was re-elected President of the Club by acclamation, there being no local prejudice against a succession of ‘‘cups of coffee,” and even should such such exist, the voice of a mighty need; the splendid record of service in the three years since the Clubs inception would be warrant enough for our action. We know well the gentlemans modesty; how sedulously he seeks to avoid the garish light that perfoce beats about the throne, else we would unleash our trusty typewriter and in gusty periods that would startle Broadway tell of all that he has done for us.

Breathes there a man, both here, or fled,
Who never to himself hath said,
"I'd get a job could I see Rube.
If there is nothing vacant, he
Will make a new job, just for me,
I'll sure get out when I see Rube."

Seriously we are happy in having him consent to guide the destinies of the Club for yet another year. To help us in our difficult task of cultivating a spirit of helpfulness and good-will between two naturally antagonistic bodies; to have him help us strengthen by mutual sympathy and trust, the leaven of good that is working—though some times deeply hidden—in the whole of us. To work with us and to hasten the coming of that brighter and better day when prisons, as such, shall have ceased to be; and in their place shall be the Disciplinary School; the Man-Factory, that shall make the crooked mind straight; that shall teach the slave of his passions the self control that is a requisite of manhood; that shall train the ignorant mind, and the helpless hand, and fit them for useful service. For the born criminal does not exist, there is a cure for all, and some day it will be recognized. It is to such end that our President is working, and we know that he is in the fight to stay.

A 8432, who reminds us so much of Tennyson’s ‘‘Brook’’—‘‘For men may come, and men may go, but I stay on forever," was unanimously elected Vice-President. B 8266 was again chosen Secretary, and B 7983, a faithful Watch-Dog of the Treasury, whose honest bark has so often frightened off would be raiders of our frugal stores, was once more persuaded to accept the responsible post of Treasurer, and responding voice in a choked with emotion, spoke feelingly of the trust bestowed, and generously waived all present and future claims against the Club, for services rendered.

The following applicants for membership in the Club were accepted: B 8305-25¢; B 89-17-10¢, B 8910-10¢, B 8918, B 8919, B 8920, B 8915, B 8911, B 8909, B 8895. The Treasurer’s Report showed a Balance of $124,20 in the Club’s Treasury. The expenditures of the week were the re-fund to the President of $1.00 for taxi hired to bring Mr. Kraupa and assistant to the firing-line on Saturday; $5.00 paid to B 5845 for making white caps for Officers and Delegates; this fully covered by subscription of the parties benefiting; of the payment of $5.00 to B 7784 for inlaid box for presentation purposes; and a re-fund of $1.10 to the Institution. 

Saturday’s entertainment was worthy of the approaching Holiday Week, with its stirring music, a lenghty bill of really first-class acts, and a couple of very good pictures. The opening picture was a multiple-reel Drama, builded from a blending of John Hays’ famous ballads, ‘‘Jim Bludso," and "Little Breeches." It was intensely intereting, without a dull moment, and the audience liked it well.

Moore and Mack, Irish Comedians, opened the battle with a rapid fire of jokes, and such like airy persiflage, and in a brace of minutes had the justly celebrated "Prison Blues" on the run, and nobody got a chance to do a thing but laugh for the ensuing fifteen minutes. Mr. Walter Lawser, singer followed, and was a decided success. He was a whole "Glee Club" in himself, and left the audience wondering how he did it. The Standard Musical Four showed themselves real "bear cats" with the saxaphone: we would never have believed, until these gentlemen proved it to us, that such a remarkable looking instrument could have such harmony concealed within its vitals. 

The remaining acts were all "returns," and lack of space will prevent any extended mention. Little Miss Adeline Bendon, in response to an urgent request, made a third appearance, and delighted everybody with her singing of "O Johnnie," and other songs. After that exhibition we'll even believe a Scotch bag-pipe can be musical. We extend to them, and to the three preceding gentlemen, the heartiest of invitations to return, and give the Second Section a chance. Grand and Ketchell, "of Broadway Christian Street," as Miss Russell announced them, were back with some new dance-steps they had discovered, or invented during the week. The Songland Trio were as charming as before; especially in their singing of the "Long, Long Trail." At the conclusion of the vaudeville a halt was called, and our President, Mr. R. C. McKenty, summoning Miss Russell to the stage, presented her in the name of the Club, with a Loving Cub, and "contents," said "contents" being a sealed envelope with a "surprise" therein. Miss Angelotti was presented with an inlaid box, and Mr. Lraupa, the next "victim," was also presented with a Loving Cup. 

The entertainment came to a close with a very funny picture entitled The Perils of the Park, and the audience filed out with the feeling of having spent a very profitable afternoon.

Next Saturday, December 29, the Section Section will be out as follows: 3B, 5B, 5G, 4B, 4G, 7B, 7G.  B 8266