---
author: B 7413
day: 17
editor: B 7413
image: umpire_1917_013.jpg
issue: 3
layout: item
month: January
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 1
tags: null
title: NEW PENITENTIARY INMATES ENJOY MINSTREL SHOW
volume: 1
year: 1917
---

NEW PENITENTIARY INMATES ENJOY MINSTREL SHOW

Many E. S. P. men will be pleased to learn that the inmates of Rock View penitentiary enjoyed a good minstrel show on New Year’s night, and according to a correspondent of Center county, who was present on the oceca- sion, ‘‘it was a success in every way.”” He further states that a temporary stage was erected in an unfinished building that is to be used as one of the dining-halls, and that there were real foot-lights, sice-lights, wings, fiies and drops, especially painted by a scenic ar- tist for the occasion. :
Over five hundred inmates, overseers, offi- cials and visitors were present in the impro- vised play-house, when the show opened, with the Rock View orchestra playing a ‘‘Rock View Symphony,’’ composed by a member of the R. V. band. The stage setting had all the appearance of the ‘‘real thing’’ as the curtain rolled up on the opening scene, which depicted a court scene about to open with a case up for trials All manner of misdemean- ants were listed on the docket, and the judge,

district attorney, court officers and culprits were all well suited to their parts, with the ambulance chasing lawyer, who defended everything in sight, as the star performer. He filled his part to perfection, and many wondered that such a versatile artist ever drifted into Rock View.
A large sign was conspicuously displayed, admonishing those present and having busi- ness with the court, ‘‘not to spit on the floor, but to use their pockets instead.’”” The real ““hit”’ of the performance was when the judge quashed an indictment against a culprit for stealing a case of beer with only nine bottles in the box, as His Honor declared, it was ‘‘ciearly a case of nmon compos mentis for the alienist,”” that ‘‘no sane man would steal nine bottles of beer, when a full case of two dozen was to be had for the taking.”’

A farce entitied ‘‘On the Border’’ followed, with much real comedy in it, the climax be- ing reached when ‘‘Sambo’’ dug up the ‘‘Dead Man of Mexico,’’ Villa, and smote him real hard, ‘‘without the aid of machine guns or a hundred thousand strong and noble defend- ers of the Nation.”” The entertainment was concluded with a number of well rendered popular songs and clever dancing by the col- ored contingent, the versatility of which would have passed credit to professionals. In all, ‘‘a good show well done’” by inmate talent evincing considerable ability to amuse and entertain. Hearty applause resounded through the building as the performance end- ed at eight o’clock, and the men marched out

to quarters.

Written up and printed by special request. —EDITOR.