---
author: B 7542
day: 17
editor: B 7413
image: umpire_1917_013.jpg ; umpire_1917_016.jpg
issue: 3
layout: item
month: January
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 1 ; 4
tags: null
title: HONOR CLUB NOTES
volume: 1
year: 1917
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Second Anniversary celebration was continued Saturday last for the benefit of the Second Section. Everything passed off according to schedule and the unanimous approval of each member and visitor was given to the entertainment and conduct of the audience. There is no question but what the H. F. C. is taking its place in the feature news throughout the land, and to use Presi- dent R. C. McKenty’s words, ‘‘Is here to stay.’”’

To celebrate the occasion the Second Sec- tion formed in line promptly at 12:30 noon, and marshalled by the Vice-President (A 8432), and with the full brass band of fifty- two pieces, under the able leadership of Di- rector of Music Professor Wiegandt the line of march was formed, a quickstep march was sounded, and with the precision of regu- lar army soldiers, each Block, carefully guid- ed by the Delegate, in column of fours, head erect, shoulders well back, the men took up the step. There were men in that line, gocd men, who may yet be heard from in the af- fairs of the world outside. Each one can look back on tne day of the celebration of the Second Anniversary of the H. F. C. with satisfaction. As they passed the Store- House in review the Warden reviewed them, surrounded by a body of men who in the outer world are known as men of affairs. One gentleman was heard to observe, “‘By Jove! those fellows look fit to go to war.”’ ““Yes,”” was the reply, ‘‘and could do some fighting too.”’

When they swung around the walk at the fountain the line broke in twos, keeping up the march around the triangle, then up the steps into the amusement hall.

Professor Wiegandt had the H. F. C. or- chestra ready and playing a processional march, and with a laughing reply to ‘‘step lively, please,’” the audience was soon seat- ed. The Vice-President (A 8432) gave the address of welcome, and then sprung a sur- prise, ‘Is President R. C. McKenty in the hall?”’ Answering this call the President came to the stage with a ‘‘“What do you want with me?’’ look on his face. There and then the Vice-President presented him with a medal, handsomely engraved, a fac-simile of the H. F. C. button. A complete surprise, but the President was equal to the occasicn and made an impromptu address that fitted well the occasion, extending his thanks and pledging his future interest in the H. F. C. Then he itroduced the organizer of the Club (B 5888), giving him full credit for the birth of the H. F. C, and stating that too

(continued on page 4.)

(Continued from page 1.) . much credit could not be given B5888 for the present condition of the Club. B 5888 mod- estly accepted these words of praise, and re- plied in remarks that were aptly fitting, that were received by the audience with hearty applause, which continued even after the or- ganizer had become seated.

There are no words that will express to Mr. Kraupa the heartfelt appreciation of the members of the H. F. C. for his efforts in their behalf. He knows though, so we can safely leave it to him. He gave us William S. Hart in “The Primal Lure,”” on the film. ““The Man in the Box’’ and ‘‘Doc Bird’’ hav- ing nothing to argue about, the picture was a success.

Again we had the pleasure of noting the presence of ~the Chaplain, Rev. Joseph Welch and again did the audience greet his appearance with applause. We appreciate his interest. May he be with us long years and enjoy each performance.

The finish of the film was impressive and beautiful, and the audience applauded long and loud.

The vaudeville this week was of the I X L brand and served to show just the kind of artists the Kline Booking Agency handles. No wonder that Miss Mae Russell has no fear of strikes, White Rats, and other troubles of the Theater Trust. Her treat- ment of her talent is the best, and she de- mands the best in return. Then when she has something very, very good she thinks of the H. F. C. and just can’t help from passing the good things to us. Some friend is that Miss Mae Russell lady, and every H. F. C. hat comes off to her. Yes, and stays off if she says so. Miss Russell reports that her child, The Vaudeville szes is growing real big.

The curtain-raiser was ‘‘Danny and the Stalder Twins,”” a comedy dancing turn com- bined with a musical number. This act was brisk and good. From beginning to finish the applause was continuous. The singing was fine, the dancing splendid, while the mu- sic on the mandolin and ukalalis was fitting

and good. ‘‘Danny and the Stalder Twins’’ are a fine trio. Frances Girard, comedienne, played a

difficult role with success. In the opening her part was a ‘‘Suffragette monologue.’” Her quips and jokes were sharp pointed, but the audience was with her, and the point of her remark was no sooner spoken than the audi- ence ‘‘caught on,’’ and one storm of applause followed the other. :

On encore she essayed her mastér role of prima donna. From comedy to grand opera with no change of costume, except the re- " moval of a hat, is a most diffiicult feat at any time, yet Miss Girard’s versatility was such that the audience was attentive and appreciative and gave her full merit for her splendid singing, in the applause. Three en- cores and a curtain-call were well earned.

The ‘‘Aleva Duo’’ was next, and was the

neatest, classiest act tobe seen on any stage. The singing? Splendid. The tone from start to finish was high cless and excellent. Ore is necessary to make the other effective. Their costumes were splendid, and when they sang “The Miserari’’ “‘enduo’” it was beyond discription, and the applause was thunder.

The sweet good-fellowship of the lady member was shown by her continued response to the applause.

Miss Mae Russell finally took her off. Silence became immediate. Miss Russell then said, ‘‘The applause was very gratify- ing, but there is a big show and little time, so the,members must be satisfied.”” She then introduced Mlle. Petite Elba, the world’s greatest child actress.

Then came the sweetest, dearest, cutest little Miss that has graced any stage, asking no favors for her nine or ten years, but with singing, dancing, and impersonations that stood strictly on their merits.

Her sweet, shy manner in ‘“What’s the use of being good when no one’s around to care?”’ Then her monologue impersonation of a coun- try child’s trip to the city with ‘‘Pa.”” Then an impersonation of Harry Lauder; his favor- ite song ““It’s nice to get up in the morning, but it’s better to lie in bed.”” Then the last, and some say the best, was her perfect im- personation of Charlie Chaplin. His every eccentricity was duplicated, and the auaience went wild. She touched the hearts of the members so that eacn one felt a tug at his heart to give her some testimonial there and then. The officers came together and decid- ed that an inlaid box would be fitting and appropriate. No sconer said than dcne. A messenger was sent out to buy ore, and di- rectly after the last picture was shown Pres- ident R. C. McKenty requested the little lady to come on the stage, and presented her with a beautiful inlaid kox made by a member of the H. F. C. and having 1578 dif- ferent pieces of wood, lined with blue plush, a jewel tray, and a mirror in the lid to behold her pretty face reflected. As a turther tes- timonial, Mlle. Petite Elba was made a mem- ber of the Honor and Friendship Club, the President placing the Club button on her breast.

When she came from the stage she was fill- ed with curiosity to learn the contents of the parcel, and when the wrapper was removed her child-like remark was, ‘‘O-0-0-0! Ain’tit pretty.”’

During her dance she leaned toward the pianist (B 6252) saying, ‘‘Did you ever take a dose of castor oil?”’ “No Ma’m,’’ said Charlie, glancing at Sam who broke a smile while Charlie blushed. ‘‘Well, you didn’t miss much.”” Charlie blushed, Sam hit the drum, and the audience applauded.

Mlle. Petite Elba has played to the film with Lubin and the Vitagraph. She has been the success of many cities, butit is impossible for her efforts to be appreciated more than they are by the H. F. C.

Mr. Kraupa gave us Floyd Sterling in ‘“The

Hunt.”” Funny? Well, can any one look at Floyd Sterling without laughing? Leave it to Mr. Kraupa to give us the best.

The Warden was not present in the hall,

but was on the reviewing-stand. His presence ~

is always desired; a friendly touch goes with 1t :

We had many sweet-faced young ladies in the visitors’ row.

Mrs. (President) R. C. McKenty and Miss Elsie gave us their presence.

Miss Jennie Davy and her lady friend were under the escort of Bill. Sam’s eyes were directed in that direction at times.

Mrs. Keane, a lady who has made this old place a little brighter by her kind interest in some of the members, and a devout and ear- nest communicant of the Episcopal service, very kindly gave her countenance to the ent:rtainment. She appeared well centent with the conduct of everything. Mr. Dipple, a smile on his kindly face, beamed on the boys, happy in their enjoyment. Mr. Harri- son Webber, cre of Reeding’s rrcmirent citizens, was a pleased spectator. The qual- ity of the performance surprised him.

Harry Bodkin, the Bertillen expert at Philadelphia City Hall, who many of the members has met, was an interested specta- tor. We were happy to see Mr. Dutton and sorry to have him miss any of the entertain- ment. Come again. Why nothave the Over- seers who are off duty on Saturday afternoon pay the Club a visit in a body as the guests and friends of the H. F. C.? Accept this invitation and come as soon as you can.

And now the Club has started cn its third year. Let each memker put his shoulcer to the wheel and boost.

1st Section, Jan., 20,1917,7 B, 7G, 5G, 5B, 8 BadG b

—B 7542.