---
title: A SHORT LIFE, BUT MERRY
author: B 8162
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B 7413
year: 1917
month: January
day: 17
volume: 1
issue: 3
page: 2
image: umpire_1917_014.jpg
tags:
layout: item
---
A SHORT LIFE, BUT MERRY

Man’s span of life, according to the Bible, is three score years and ten, and ir Biblical times it was not uncommon for people to out- live that period by many years. But the modern tendency of cramming two days into one has every effect of shortening this esti- mate to about half.

The gaining of knowledge is now a matter of cramming into a few short years, that which formerly took years and years of study. Commerce is transacted with no speed limit exactions; people become million- aires over night; distances between places are gapped by swift trains, automobiles, ocean liners, and aeroplanes. ‘The tremendous pace of modern thought, action, and re- creation, is exhilerating, and psople become infected by its atmosphere. They become high-strung, nervous, restless; unsatisfied with the petty restrictions they turn to any- thing that will supply them with a new sen- sation. Strange gods and false ideals pre- dominate, and amongst them ‘‘the short life but a merry one’’ has more devotees than an unthinking observer would think possible.

‘‘A short life but a merry one!”” What a cruel, wicked fallacy of devilish conception— a motto of unperceived sorrow, anguish and punishment which must eventually overtake all those to whom ,it seems axiomatic of all that life should contain. They awaken final- ly to a realization of its insidious phraseolo- gy, ambiguous in meaning, and in reality a hideous phantasma, the performance of which results only in misery, torture, a men- tal and physical paralysis and then—total ob- livion.

““A short life and a merry one!”” How many people are its ardent devotees; how many are there hugging to their breasts this fond delusion, which seems at first like a glo- rious elixir, magically transforming every- thing into brightness, sparkling with light and gayety, giving forth strength, vigor, beauty. Suddenly the wonderful elixir can no more be obtained, and it then seems that a horrible monster is gnawing away at their vitals; a gnawing—body and soul destroying = which brings the victim to a realization of his folly; a cancer which must eat its way to the very core of a poor earthly existence.

Disillusionment reveals the vast and far- reaching effects of something which at its inception seemed merely a pleasant anticipa- tion of pleasure and unconfined joy, with no thought of any reaction, physically, menteal- ly, or spiritually.

Scattered over this broad earth of ours, in prisons, desolate pauper’s graves, insane asylums, and amongst the habitat of slums or in vicious dens of vice and crime, can be found those who have been devotees of the ““merry life.”” Thousands of wrecked homes, the countless fathers, mothers, husbands and wives brought to an early grave, all give testimony to the ‘‘merry life.”” Think of the children born into the world with the stamp of disease on them, malformed, sightless, and degenerate.

The living victims are in the position to know how short a- life it really is. Short— on the contrary—but one long, tedious and miserable existence—an intermittent drag- ging of day after day, week after week. through the years of suftfering, until finally overtaken by a merciful death, which for them is a relief from all the ghastly remind- ers of a mistaken belief.

—B 8162.
