---
title: A MESSAGE
author: Rose E. Tapley
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B 7413
year: 1917
month: January
day: 17
volume: 1
issue: 3
page: 3
image: umpire_1917_015.jpg
tags:
layout: item
---

A MESSAGE

To the Men at Eastern State Penitentiary— Greeting:

It is New Year’s eve and I am on the train at Iron Mountain en route to Wilmington, N. C. It is the last day of the old year with all of its mistakes, its disap- pointments, its heartaches—and I can not but think of you all there in Philadeiphia— with your year of regrets, mistakes and heart- achz2s, andsomehow I feel compelled to write

you just a little message of love and hope for -

this coming year. I heard a very good sermon today, the text of which was, “Let thedead past bury its dead,’” and itstrikes me as being pecu- liarly applicable to you boys, and 1 am going to give that text to you. As T look back to my visit to the auditorium I can not but think of how much splendid manhood there was within those walls, bravely, simply and courageously paying the penalty for their misdeeds to their fellow-men—to society, but most of all to their own splendid manhood.

[ saw men of you there with brilliant minds —men of you there with lovable natures—men of you who- can and will yet accomplish much that is worth while—but you must first bury your dead. You must bury your enmity, your hatred, your sense of any injury done you. You must blot out the past of your life and starta new life from today.

We have all made mistakes. The man who " claims himself sinless is a liar and a hypo- crite, but it is the man who takesthe punish- ment of his sin as a man who after all is really worth while. ‘‘Let the dead pastbury its dead.’’ Start the New Year witha clean slate, cleanse your heart and strive to be worthy of the best within you. We can be what we . desire if we will work for our ambition. Through the many weary, lonely hours just have a little heart to heart talk with yourself, find out honestly what kind of a chap you really are—then getright down to hard pan and start in making yourself into the kind of a chap you would like to be. Just concen- trate on that one idea ‘I am a man with a man’s talents—a man’s abilities—a man’s ambitions, and I will accomplish something worth while. I will prove to myself that I am man enough to profit by my mistakes and will succeed- in spite of them;’’ but, dear boys, unless you also have the simple faith of your childhood, success and all will avail you nothing.

Don’t expect a change of faith all at once —you have got to earn it by degrees; but do your best and tryit. I wish you would make the effort and that you may have the real happiness and practical help I get every day from doing God’s will. Why, men, I never make a speech but that I ask God to inspire me, and sometimes I do not know a word 1 am going to say until I get started.

Try my God and your God, please. Just give him a fair trial—just be judge and jury and just try out the case—yourself.

““Let the dead past bury its dead’’ and live

for the future and for the best of the man- hood within you—with God’s help and direc- tion.

I send my very best wishes and greetings to you my brothers, and hope this New Year will mark an epoch in the life of us all, for better living and a greater realization of the wonderful powers within ourselves, if we but trust in our Maker.

Trusting that God will bless you all I am

Sincerely yours, : RoSE E. TAPLEY.

*This communication was not received in time for last issue. —EDITOR.
