---
author: null
day: 24
editor: B 7413
image: umpire_1917_017.jpg
issue: 4
layout: item
month: January
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 1
tags: null
title: A NATIONAL MUSEUM TO BE ESTABLISHED AT INDEPEND- ENCE SQUARE
volume: 1
year: 1917
---

A NATIONAL MUSEUM TO BE ESTABLISHED AT INDEPEND- ENCE SQUARE

It is announced that Independence Hall, to- gether with the east and west wings of the historic structure, old Congress Hall, old City Hall and the whole group of build- ings between Fifth and Sixth streets on Chestnut street, is to be converted into a great national museum.

A ordinance was recently introduced in the State Council, by William J. Harrington, to devote hereafter the historic structures to museums of national records and relics. The ordinance, which was drafted by Director Datesman, of the Department of Public Works, also provides for better safety and care of the venerable structures and repeal of all former legislation giving special priv- leges to patriotic and other organizations to occupy certain parts of the buildings and hold meetings therein.

Under the terms of the ordinance, which was referred to the Committee on City Prop- erty, the following museums are to be es- tablished:

Independence Hall—A national portrait gallery.

East Wing— Miscellaneous museum of Revolutionary relics.

West Wing— Miscellaneous museum of Colonial relics.

Congress Hall—Museum covering the ori- gin of American government and national expansion to 1800. '

Old City Hall—City museum of relies and records from the earliest times to the conSol- idation of the municipality in 1854.