---
author: null
day: 24
editor: B 7413
image: umpire_1917_017.jpg
issue: 4
layout: item
month: January
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 1
tags: null
title: GOING THE ROUNDS
volume: 1
year: 1917
---

GOING THE ROUNDS

Well, we are over a month past the short- est day in a year.

%

Speaking of ‘‘leaks,”” Washington hasn’t anything on this place. The smallest drop soon becomes a puddle.

¥ *

It beats all what a lot of mental acumen is going to waste in prison. As socon as bus- iness men realize this there will be a great de Hush! here comes those high- brow kids. Nothin; doin’._

It is true that one may learn a little every day, but in many cases it would be as well to forget most we learn here.

sk - sk If the man who pragtises on a brass horn could only hear himself as others hear him

‘perhaps he would go hang, > =~ *

Say, there is a lot of wise guys in here, for sure. ‘‘Yes,’’ as thesage remarked, ‘‘they put the I in prison.”’

e

Have you ever noticed the average argu- ment to be heard hereabout usually leads to what Tom said, that Jim said, that Jerry said he got it from Baron Munchausen?

S £

It is said to be noted that a restaurant at Eddystone has been broken into twelve times in the last eighteen months. :

No doubt this is rather aggravating to the owner, but he should bear in mind that per- haps he is helping to fill a long felt want of

the recently liberated.

£ ¥ %

An inmate was heard to remark that he ¢¢didn’t mind doing another a good turn now and then, but it got his goat when he’d done several for a fellow, and then to have the shrimp ask half a pound for the slightest

“favor in return.’’