---
author: null
day: 24
editor: B 7413
image: umpire_1917_018.jpg
issue: 4
layout: item
month: January
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 2
tags: null
title: WELCOMING GOVERNOR COX
volume: 1
year: 1917
---

WELCOMING GOVERNOR COX

It is an old saying that human nature is pretty much the same the world over. This applies to those serving time at penal institu- tions, as well as to their brethren of the outer world.

If we show interest or sympathy in the welfare of others, the same will be reflected in their attitude toward us. If, on the con- trary, we are cold or indifferent to our neigh- bors, they will show a like spirit in return, demonstrating the law of compensation that we receive as we give, and in the long run things are pretty evenly balanced as we near the end of our earthly career.

It is safe to assert that among our adult population there isno class so sensitive to sympathetic interest in their behalf as the men doing time for infractions of the law. This seems clearly proven by the apparent joy with which the inmates of the Ohio Pen- itentiary welcome the former governor to office; as the Ohto Penitentiary News says: ““We deem it eminently proper to comment on the return to power of James M. Cox, Governor of Ohio. In so doing, we sincerely believe we are going entirely out of the do- main of politics. To the inmates of the Ohio Penitentiary, Governor Cox is more than a governor. He is a friend. He was their loyal friend throughout the two years of his former administration He has been a friend of unfortunates generally more or less all his life. And he is their staunch friend now.

‘““The prisoners here have the supremest faith in Governor Cox. He requiresno intro- duction. They remember him for what he has done for them, and for the things he would have done if his administration had not been terminated when it was. They know from past experience that his great heart beats in sympathy with their needs. They know from his splendid record of constructive achievement he will deal wisely and justly by them now.

““For these reasons, we feel assured we are violating no rules of political neutrality. And for these reasons we take a pardonable pride in being the medium to extend friendly greet- ings to Governor James M. Cox—greetings which represent the sentiment of the vast majority of our prison brethren.”’