---
author: null
day: 24
editor: B 7413
image: umpire_1917_019.jpg
issue: 4
layout: item
month: January
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 3
tags: null
title: TRY DEEP BREATHING
volume: 1
year: 1917
---

TRY DEEP BREATHING

Deep breathing, sensible breathing, every- day breathing—long life depends upon it, good looks always. Yet nine-tenths of the world’s creatures hate to breathe, and young folks especially are asniggardly in the matter of filling their lungs with clean, wholesome air as if they thought they were dealing with poison. Twenty long breaths night and morning will quickly improve the looks of a girl who has begun to go down with study and carelessness, and surely there isno beau- tifier cheaper than deep breathing.

Man is no better than a leaf driven by the winds until he has conquered his lonely du- ties. This makes a man—the habit of con- fronting great things in solitude, and chiefly the habit of conversing with God alone, and of filling the soul with His strength.TRY DEEP BREATHING

Deep breathing, sensible breathing, every- day breathing—long life depends upon it, good looks always. Yet nine-tenths of the world’s creatures hate to breathe, and young folks especially are asniggardly in the matter of filling their lungs with clean, wholesome air as if they thought they were dealing with poison. Twenty long breaths night and morning will quickly improve the looks of a girl who has begun to go down with study and carelessness, and surely there isno beau- tifier cheaper than deep breathing.

Man is no better than a leaf driven by the winds until he has conquered his lonely du- ties. This makes a man—the habit of con- fronting great things in solitude, and chiefly the habit of conversing with God alone, and of filling the soul with His strength.