---
title: AS SEEN BY AN ACUTE OBSERVER
author: 
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B 7413
year: 1917
month: January
day: 31
volume: 1
issue: 5
page: 2
image: umpire_1917_022.jpg
tags:
layout: item
---
“Life is a vast obscurity, and conscience s a source of light.”’

AS SEEN BY AN ACUTE OBSERVER

Beginning with the statement that ‘‘no subject of late has been more extensively discussed than that of prison reform,’’ the Rev. Michael J. Murphy, Chaplain at the Massachusetts State Prison, opens an excel- lent article in the current Columbiad, on “‘Gates, Bars and Stripes.”” Unfortunately, lack of space prevents a reprint of the arti- cle in full, so we present the following strik- ing paragraphs for the edification of our readers:

‘“The best method of treating men in con- finement is a problem that the wisest and most philanthropic have been unable to solve. Reformation is the primary object, and that system which produces -the best results is the one to adopt. Discipline maintained with reference to the prisoner’s welfare after sentence, that which leads men to right ways of thinking and acting and to the formation of sound moral judgments, should be the ba- sic principle upon which we conduct our penal and correctional institutions intended not only to punish, but rather to reform the of- fender. ¥

““The old idea that every effort should be made to humble and degrade the prisoner has happily become obsolete. Practical students of penology today acknowledge that it is cheaper and better to return a man to society improved and prepared to earn an honest living, than to discharge him hardened_ by brutal treatment, with the spark of manhood he might have brought with him into prison ‘extinguished, feelings of hatred and revenge rankling within his bosom, and with the al- most certainty that the remainder of his days are to be spent in crime. -

‘“Excessive severity tends only to harden the heart. The strongest and most deter- mined man that ever lived will succumb un- der punishment. He may be temporarily conquered but ultimately, his heart, filled with bitterness and hate, he becomes a more serious and dangerous menace, to society.

‘““The methods in general usage are artifi- cial, and produce a superficial virtue or up-

Jfenses.

rightness which falls far short of being a true index of a man’s character.

“‘One of the great obstacles to a proper solution of this vital question is ignorance or lack of proper understanding both on the part of the law-abiding citizens in freedom, and the man in durance vile. If the man outside the walls and his unfortunate brother on the inside were brought into closer con- tact, and learned to know each other more intimately; if they could be brought to dwell together in a spirit of brotherly love and sympathy, much could and would be accom- plished. While this ignorance, or at least this mutual misunderstanding exists, our ef- forts for a reconciliation will be futile.

““As long as present conditions continue the discharged prisoner is a subject of vital importance. Hugo, in his Jean Valjean, has painted for us a vivid picture of the heart- breaking experience of a weary ex-prisoner who tramps from door to door in search of food and shelter. There is probably some poetic exaggeration in the delineation, for in this country a discharged prisoner will find people willing to furnish meals and shelter while he has means to pay for them, and who will not annoy him with embarrassing ques- tions; but steady, honest employment—a want scarcely less urgent than food or lodg- ing—is unfortunately often beyond the reach of one whose last reference is a prison or re- formatory. So it happens that hundreds, yes thousands, drift back disheartened into their old ways of life, having left prison with good intentions.

““The best formed purposes and the most virtuous resolutions are not always proof against the world’s cold scorn. If friends will meet him with encouragement, if imme- diate employment is not denied him, if confi- dence be not slowly and grudgingly extended, if he can feel that he has a priceless charac- ter to sustain, the chances of his permanent reformation and usefulness will be greatly multiplied. If some means could be devised to insure these valuable subsidiaries, vast numbers might be saved from a relapse into crime, and the repetition of conviction and punishment.

‘‘Intimately connected in importance with the employment of prisoners after discharge is some provision for egualizing and shorten- ing of sentences, especially for first offenses. Any prison official, even of* limited experi- ence, has learned that there 1s a great diver- stty in terms imposed by the courts, and that in time this militates strongly against the good-will and disposition of the inmate, and often begets in his heart a spirit of revenge, which will be satisfied sooner or later. There appears to be a general awakening to the conviction that the terms of sentences are too severe, too long, and especally for first of- If the expression of my humble opinion could deepen the impression I should not hesitate to give it in the most decided form. If the primary object of imprison- ment—the reformation of the offender—can
be attained at all, it can perhaps be more surely effected by a short rather than by a long sentence; and if it so effected the pris- oner is released im the wigor of mind and body, prepared for a life of value and use- fulness. :

““A severe penalty is no preventive of crime. It is immaterial to a man about to do wrong whether the penally for the act be three years or thirteen years. He knows he may, but feels that he will not be discovered. The more severe the penalty the more determined and dangerous is he in avoiding detection, and the more desperate will be his fight for liberty. Many a man, through judicial kindness, has been saved from a life of infamy, and has gone forth into the world encouraged and buoyed up by the kind admonition, “‘Go thy way and sin no more.’’ Every prisoner looks back with horror and pity for himself at that sad, eventful time in sinful life when he first beheld the shadow of a priscn, and feels in his heart that iof pity had been shown him, his course of life would have been different.”’
