---
title: WAR’S GREAT BLIGHT TO SCIENCE
author:
newspaper: The Umpire
editor: B 7413
year: 1917
month: January
day: 31
volume: 1
issue: 5
page: 3
image: umpire_1917_023.jpg
tags:
layout: item
---

WAR’S GREAT BLIGHT TO SCIENCE

In a paper read before the American Psy- chological Association, President G. Stanley Hall, of Clark University, called attention toe a new duty devolving on this country be- cause of the cataclysm in Europe. The war having caused an almest complete cessation of research outside the field of medicine, ‘‘this sLortage of irtellectual goods made in Europe may lay a new and serious responsi- bility on American scholars.”’

In other words American science is now to be subjected to a test corresponding to that by which American finance and manufacture have been tried. Our bankers and steelmas- ters and munition-makers have not been found wanting; are our scholars as well pre- pared to take up the work of scientific re- search suspended in Europe during the clash of arms?

Unquestionably the test will be all the se- verer for the reason that where our work of supplying the belligerent powers with money and ammunition has been only supplementa- ry, the entire cessation of scientific investi- gation in Europe lays in the burden of mak- ing what progress is made in that field while the war lasts and for some time after. Not only is science in Europe crippled by the act- ual loss of eminent investigators, but scien- tific research is paralyzed by the mobilization of national resources to the end of military efficiency.

Now the question arises, is American scholarship equipped for the task? It is at once a grave responsibility and a rare oppor- tunity. American medical science has met the new demands made by the war in a man- ner that has won for it an international re- nown. There will be new laurels for Amer- ica if it can meet the intellectual tests as competently, if laboratory workers and ex- perimenters in the field of pure science can respond to the call as well as its surgeons have done. '
