---
author: N. Y. Herald
day: 31
editor: B 7413
image: umpire_1917_023.jpg
issue: 5
layout: item
month: January
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 3
tags: null
title: DESPOTS OF DEMOCRACY
volume: 1
year: 1917
---

DESPOTS OF DEMOCRACY

Timorous legislators and ‘‘pussy-footed’’ executives yield to the threatening demands of organized busybodies, and occasionally an inspired ass with ‘a certificate of election in his pocket originates vexatious legislation. But the annoyance comes principally from unofficial busybodies who promote legislation designed to make the common herd conform to their ideas. * * * * * The necessary number of public servants is swollen by swarms of official parasites, who are taken away from the producing class and who find in oppression a justification of their continu- ance on the public salary roll. It is time to call a halt. N. Y. Herald.DESPOTS OF DEMOCRACY

Timorous legislators and ‘‘pussy-footed’’ executives yield to the threatening demands of organized busybodies, and occasionally an inspired ass with ‘a certificate of election in his pocket originates vexatious legislation. But the annoyance comes principally from unofficial busybodies who promote legislation designed to make the common herd conform to their ideas. * * * * * The necessary number of public servants is swollen by swarms of official parasites, who are taken away from the producing class and who find in oppression a justification of their continu- ance on the public salary roll. It is time to call a halt. N. Y. Herald.