---
author: B 7542
day: 31
editor: B 7413
image: umpire_1917_024.jpg
issue: 5
layout: item
month: January
newspaper: The Umpire
pageNum: 4
tags: null
title: HONOR CLUB NOTES
volume: 1
year: 1917
---

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Some sage has remarked, ‘‘What’s in a word?’’ The answer to which is, ‘‘According to who speaks it.”’ :

In truth of this, it needed but the right word from President R. C. McKenty to make th2 dilatory mz2 nd2rs realize that the rules of the H. F. C. are made to be obeyed. This was spoken from the stage by the President. The members paid particular attention, and everything passed off well.

The members of the 2nd Section came out in full force. They noted the changing of the doors of the amusement hall, which are now hung to swing out, giving greater safe- ty in avoiding a crush.

Promptly at 12:30 P. M. the holiday crowd linad up, and to the music of their own thoughts marched from their several blocks in orderly line to the amusement hall.

Professor Wiegandt had the H. F. C. or- chestra well in hand, and the vibrant melody of the popular ‘‘Processional’”” from Chopin struck a responsive chord in each H. F. C. breast, causing the blood to quicken, the eye to sparkle and create the feeling of ‘‘It’s good to be alive’” within. One young visitor remarked, ‘“Why, it’s just like a really the- ater; ain’t it?”’ And it was, only there’s no rowdyism in the H. F. C. theater.

Vice-President A 8432 welcomed the mem- bers, bidding all be happy, but be good. The overture by the H. F. C. orchestra was the first score. This was exceptionally good. A visitor remarked, ‘‘Isn’t it remarkable how well those men play.’” Not at all remarkable, for each member is sincere in his effort to give his best.

Mr. Kraupa gave ‘‘The Habit of Happi- ness’’ today, a Dug Fairbanks feature filled with situations that especially appealed to the audience. The sermon convéyed was, if there were a few “Sunnies’’ in the world it wouldn’t be such a bad old place after all.

It was a good film, and “The Man in the Box’” and ““Doc. Bird’’ had nary an accident, and every one was pleased. The vaudeville opened with the ‘Zillos’ Three,”” a zillo- phone trio whose act produced melody of the highest class on their zillophones. They appeared for the encore twice and must have been gratified by the applause.

Tne Winkle Kids, two star juvenile artists, were next in an act that creates a wcender in the mind as to how such young minds can produce such perfect stagecraft. Close your eyes and listen and you bear; the experience of years is before you. Open the eyes and behold two wee artists of the age that most children are reciting their A B C’s giving a performance that strictly on its merits calls for the limit in applause. No confusion, per- fect poise, every word made to tell, and every movemert studied but natural grace. So cheerful were they in responding to the many encores, that the question became, Which would give out first, their good nature or their sturdy young bodies? Four encores and

as many curtain-calls, and each time they responded, smiling.

Tony Baker (every one bas heard of Tony Baker, Philadelphia’s popular black-face comedian) was next. His remarkable make- up, clever jokes, and good clog dancing kept the audience in a roar of laughter. Three times he returned to encore, and then, even, the applause lasted after he left the stage.

Frances King, a feature of Boyer’s Petti- coat Minstrels, presented an act in high-class singing of popular melodies. Miss King has been featured extensively and her perform- ance is of the style that is sure of apprecia- tion. After the third encore she added a whistling feature to her last chorus. It’s wonderful the music that can be produced by a whistle. Her cigarette song produced round after round of applause.

The plain announcement, ‘‘Sheldon Juve- nile Acrobat,’’ will never say what this act means. It must be seen to realize that which appears impossible. Imagine a child of nine or ten years folding his little arms and then turning, not one, nor two, but three complete airsprings in an 8 x 10 foot space. Can’t be done? Well, it was, right up on the H. F. C. stage, and his arms nev- er unfolded. MISS Mae Russell attempted to give him his due when she announced, ‘‘Shel- don, the World’s Greatest Juvenile Acro- bat.’”” This don’t half explain this clever little artist nor his acrobatic teats. Game as a pebble he responded to every echo, and few knew how he suitered before he came on to do his turn. All credit is due this clever artist. A vote of thanks is due from the members of the H. F. C.

One of Keith’s star acts, with two very clever Philadelphia periormers, Hariy and Jennie Pratt, was with us. This team has long bookings, through Miss Mae Russell, with the Keith Circuig, and entertained with their high-class tab the H. F. C. audience. Their act is classy and their costumes of the kind that attracts and holds the audience, and they bring the applause of appreciation with their clean, up-to-date songs and say- ings. ‘I'ney responded to three encores and were smotaered with applause.

Mr. Kraupa had a heart for the 2nd Sec- tion and came back with *‘Bath House Biun- ders’’ for the closing film. 1t was appreci- ated by the Znd just as much as by tne 1st Section, and every one went honie {7) satis- fied that tney nad a nne entertainment.

Miss Russell brougnt another instaiment of her paper, 1he Vaudevitie 1imes, which will be distributed among the mmembers. Any one who wishes to subscribe to a thorough up-to- date theatrical weekly should consult the li- brarian or send their subscription direct to the editor. Miss Russell had as her guests Mrs. O. Mcbiadery, Mrs. Walter Buzby, Mrs. Walter Sii, Mr. C. C. VanWinkle, and Mrs. J. E. Eichperg.

Mr. Kraupa remarked in passing, that if you want to find wiiere he stabies nis goat, Just attempt to remove his H. F. C. button

from the lapel of his coat. Maybe Germany wo’n’t lick England, but he’ll try to lick the man who tries it. Herbert behaved him- self this week and came to the H. F. C.

The Warden missed another good show this week. His heart and interest is with the H. F. C., and when not there it is his regret.

Mrs. President R. C McKenty gave her presence, as did Mrs. Dorothy Taylor and Mrs. Elizabeth Conrad, Messrs. John W. Smith, Walter A. Smith, and Master Keene Flack, friends of Mr. Dipple, who was a vis- itor. Mr. J. Meyers and Mr. Dutton, friends of the H. F. C., were present.

Mr. Robert McT{enty, Jr., and his brother Bill were interested visitors. Sam filled his old place on the drum. B 6252 tried to put the brotherhood stuff on Sam, but his reply was, ‘‘Keep it; I don’t want it.”’ :

The clarionet duet by B 6244 and B 8089, accompanied by the Club’s pianist (B 6252) was again rendered for the pleasure of the 2nd Section, and it met with warm approval.

The circulating librarian (B 7341) calls at- tention to the fact that some of the maga- zines in circulaticn are returned in a de- faced condition. These books must be kept clean and whole. If upon examination a book is found with leaves removed or defaced in any way the responsibility is up to the last reader who had the book, and he must pay for damage. A mistake was made Jast week. B 6765 made the medal presented to La Pe- tite Elba.

Attention is called to the Treasurer’s Re-

_port. ‘“Shown in previous reports’’ should be

$883.50 instead of $83.50, also the first total should be $1511.08. February 3, the 1st See- tion 3—B, 7—G, 5—G, 5—B, 4—G, 4—B, and 7 B —~B 7542;”)