---
author: J. J. Klauzenberg and G. J. Haas
issue: Fall
layout: item
newspaper: Eastern Echo
pageNum: 17
tags: null
title: Philadelphia Jaycees Expand Inmate Chapter Here Attempt to Establish Parolee
  Assistance Program
year: 1966
---

PHILADELPHIA JAYCEES EXPAND INVIATE: CHAPTER HERE ATTEMPT 0 ESTABLISH PAROLEE: ASSISTANCE PROGRAM

Lt r.: Wendell Bri Committee; Stuar

by J.J. Klauzenberg and G. J. Haas

On July 27, 1966, we had the privilege of inter. viewing two members of the Parolce Committee of the Junior Chamber of Commeree of Philadelphin

Parole Counselor Wendell Bristol arranged the conference, which took place in the ECHO offee with ichard L. Behr, Chairman of the Parolee Commit- tee; Stuart Harting, Publicity Chairman of the Committee and the cditor and associnte editor of THE EASTERN ECHO.

Both Jaycee members are businessmen in the Philadelpl the Penn Mutual Life In a bachelor of arts deg ing is a real estate representative with Albert M. Greenfield and Company, Tncorpor bachelor of science degree from Temple Un

The men_explained that Commerce is a service orga st thirty munity service as its goal. Their parolee spon ship program is only ne phase of their multi community service program. The Parolee C tee consists of twenty-five members to serve from the main membership body. Members of the Commitee represent a_wide variety of professional back grounds, including attorneys, stock brokers, insur- ance exeeutives, real estae exceutives and other Fall 1966

ears ago with various forms of com.

ol, Parole Counselor; Richard L. Behr, Chairman of the Parole Harting, Publicity Chalrman of the Committee; Gerald Haas, Editor

types of business and professional occupations. The Juyeee Parolee Committee was organized in 1948 and was very active until 1961, at which time, for various reasons, it beeame inactive. The prog: was reactivated in 1964 and two parolees are pre ently being sponsored from this institution with 17 from other area prisons, Having been organized with the intention of ns- sisting former prisoners to readjust and face the ies of society, the Committec members have re. n the past year, 43 requests for full or partial parole plans, in addition to the current 19 active plans. They have rejected, to date, only nine. Messers Behr and Harting said that none of the men they have undertaken to assist, have been re. turned to prison for new convictions or for technical violations of parole; which, of course, speaks highly of the type and extent of help they have been giving. It seenis to_verify that the Parolee Committee i seriously interested in assisting former prisoners. When asked if they will sponsor repeaters, prev ously sponsored by their group, Behr replied : “W have not been faced with this problem yet, but wt would certainly consider such requests after evalu. ating the individual circumstanees.” Mr. Harting explained that when they consider an ial application, the Committee uses the follows

criteria in assisting them with making a deters tion, before they vote on the application mendations of the institution staff, pa recommendations, s of the iuate’s ingtitu: . previous cducational status, family history, oceupational history, and prior.job stability before arrest and during ceration, as well as. psyehiatric and_psychologics recommendations, Both men were quick fo explain that they_objectively evaluate any appl ro- dless of the nature of the offense for whieh the man may be in prison.

Members of the Parolee Comittee attempt to com. municate with applicants they have aceepted, much as is possible, before their release from con. finement. Following this, they assist i inding suitable employment, residence (if needed), and ad. vice or counsel after relcase, as approved parole advisors. They attempt 1o act as o buffer between the unfamiliar outside soeiety and the parolec. The concentrate their efforts toward the man's eventual readjustment,

Explaining that they have received full coopera- tion of all institution authorities in the various prisons to which they have extended their program, Mr. Behr said, “At the start, we reccived a fow ox. pressed reservations by same of our members about our work. But these have been essentially over-

Both Parolee Committee representatives are pleased with the program and they are interested in expanding it to more inmates. When asked about their personal goals, they explained they wanted to make life better for former inmates and everyone else. The Comumittee was of interest to them because

of the program ing life et

elf and its great pote for_everyone. Both men i they had no personal fears in working with p or former prisoners. “They are human; they've made mistakes; they need help—we want to give it," Harting said.

Behr said, when questioned about expressions of feclings by relatives and friends regarding their activities: “They look up to us for wha doing. We have interested them in our activities.”

On future plans: They would like the Jaycees to support or establish a half-way house;* consider seriously the ECHO'S suggestion to start a chartered Jaycee Chapter for inmates at. this institution (sim lar programs have hee in_ other pena

other parts of the United States); stimulate more community interest. generally; they would like to encourage employers to consider hiring parolees direetly from prison.

The idea of a Jayeee Chapter being established here, will be presented to the entire membership of the Junior Chamber of Commeree of Philadelphis, in the near future.

I the cvent inmates have a need to formulate a suitable parole plan, the staff of the ECHO suggests you contact Parole Counselor Bristol to arrange an ‘appointment with representatives of the Jaycee's Parolce Commitice. We are sure, in the majority of coses, an applicant will receive all necessary assistance