---
title: Chess News
author: Martin J Pearson
newspaper: Eastern Echo
year: 1966
issue: Fall
pageNumber: 26-27
tags:
layout: item
---

CHESS NEWS

by Martin J. Pearion

This artiele is dedicated to those members of the ESP Chess Club who form the backbone of the Club, We give a brief resume of their chess’ careers and & sample of their play.

James Ryder joined the club in 1962, barely knowing the names of the picces, let alone the moves. Through diligence in study and practice he gradually rose from the bottom of the rating list to a coveted position in the top ten.

Ryder has played in the Reserve section and last season played three games in the Championship section, seoring two vietories aguinst one defest. He has won several awards for outstanding performanee in the Club Cham. pionship Tournaments and _for outstanding play agains visiting

Lately, it has become evident that there is a serious defect in his middle and end game and he presently is taking the neces- sary step to correct them.

His game against Andrew Chressanthis (U.S.C.F. Expert) ranks as the high spot in his young carcer.

2%

GRUENFELD DEFENSE B3y WHITE BLACK [ . Chresant i 306) 3, RQl il i B47

PGk 8

@

Phifadelphia Chess Association

Eastern Echo


4 . 43 4.

William Palmer scored his first vietory for ESP in 1958 against Temple University. This was the firstmateh against outside chess teams. Palmer was transfered shortly after this match and has returned only recently to the elub.

Though lacking his former sharpness, Palmer. shows oecusion- al signs of regaining his previous form, He is noted for his solid positional type of play rather than an aggressive attacking style.

The following game wel illus. trates what happens to his oppo- nents when they fail to counter. act his opening set-up.

CARO-KAHN WHITE BLACK

W. Palmer C. Stahl (BSP) (GE)

Fred Jordan eould develop into a strong player if he would de-

Fall 1966

He has finished as high as sixth in the Championship Tournaments but has not been too_ suceessful aguinst outside. competition.

TWO KNIGHTS DEFENSE

WHITE BLACK F. Jordan 7. Rodgers (ESP) (BRDS.)

PK4

NKB3

BB

Joseph Antoniewiez is another player who advanced through the ranks for a place in the top ten. Twice he has finished second in the Club_Championship Tourna ments and was o member of the Championship Industrial League Teams of 1964 and 1965.

Playing third board on the Championship Team has brought Antoniewiez up_against. some of the top players in this area, and although he has not had a great deal of sucecss against them, due to their greater theoretical knowl- edge, his performance has been commendable.

The following game is @ good example of what happens to op- ponents who swim around in the openings

ENGLISH OPENING

WHITE BLACK J. Faust. J. Antoniewies (PAWNS) " (ESP)

1 PQB4 PR4

2 PKs P-QB3 3. PQR3 PQ4

4 PP Pxp

5 QB N'KB3 6 PQN& P-QR3 7 BNz N-B3

8 NKB3 BQ3

PQs PK5 10, NK5 QB2 1 PN5 NN
QxQ PaX PG v N2 RBI PxP RB5 REB2 . RBL

BE2 BB3 BN2 Bxk BN2 BR5ch Resigns.

Herbert Mitehell is_constantly in and out of the ranks of the top ten. He loves to play chess, providing it moves at a brisk pace. This passion for fast mov- ing has cost him many a game that should have been in the vic- tory column. He has always been a frifle above our average player but he refuses to exert himself t0 attain a higher rating.

Sinee joining the club he has competed in two Champio Tournaments, finishing ninth and tenth respectively.

QUEEN PAWN OPENING

WHITE BLACK H. Mitehell R, Keller (cP) (ESP) PQi
