---
author: null
issue: Fall
layout: item
newspaper: Eastern Echo
pageNum: 32-33
tags: null
title: 'Yard Out!: Sport Section'
year: 1966
---

f 3/201& Seation

MAJOR LEAGUE SOFTBALL CHAMPS

1966 CUBAN LEAGUE SOFTBALL SEASON

1t started with a bang and ended with a winpor— is the only way to adequately deseribe the Cubn League Softball season.

The four clubs (in their finishing order: Falcons. Dodgers, Mustangs and Braves), started the season as do most clubs with great expectations. This is where the similarity ends. Before we diseuss the

and low points of each club, however, a great deal of eredit must be given to the Commissioners and Umpires—*The Unsung Heros” of the game who ave of their recreation time to make possible the orderly and sometimes disorderly performances of cach game, Anyone who has umpired knows that overseeing “the game" s (to put it mildly) a trying task considering all the egos which come into play with cach ball, strike, hit or error. Our hats are off to, Frank Armstead, Commissioner; Richard D. Frick, Gen. Manager; William Schaeffer, Chief Un. pire; Al LaRue, Calvin Crist, George Hunter, Cleve Brown and Jerry Haas, Umpires. We look forward to a repeat performance next year—that is, if they are unlucky enough to be here.

About club_expeetations. Let's exumine these expectations and results, Starting with the champ- mship tean; the Faleons were without o doubt the st well rounded team, with the most dedicated anagerial, scouting and conching staff in the igue. A club must have the ball players to win, but they must also have leadership and this is where. the Falcons surpassed every elub in the league with its veteran owner G. 1. Joe MeNeair at the helm.

The Falcons “Team” (and they played as a team) were Iucky in that they retained six of their veterans while recruiting some real top players. Since they played as o team, wo hesitate to men

particular member but it is the opinion of the League, as well as the Faleons team members, that Charles “Mutt” Holden; pitcher for the Falcons, was a real standout; winning 38 games, 3 of which were No-hitters, and 18 were shutouts. Other Faleon members inelude, Ed. Scoleri, a real scrappy third baseman, J. “Spike” Salvanish, James Frame, Willie “Ark” Wilson, Barney MeMullen and our Willie “NoNo” Smith, the old pro. Marvin Thompson and Dallas Custalow, first class first basemen, Ray Mur- phy, “Mutt’s” capable battery mate, Herb Allen, Murrell Bedford, J. Hopkins and Norman Pearson, ontfielders, Harry Zietz, the ballplayer’s ballplayer, and Howard Speaks, seout and coach. The pennant ‘winning Faleons are the champs for now. Next year they will be called on to prove themselves warthy.

THE DODGERS who finished second in the last half of the season gave the Faleons its stiffest com- ‘petition in the stretch. After a dismal first half, its club set out to prove what many had predicted: “If there was a serious challenge to the Falcons, it would come from the Dodgers. Lou MeCloud, ablc ‘manager for the Dodgers, really whipped them into Fall 1966

shape. Joe Massanova after a series of injuries pitehed a pretty good second half, winning 16 games, while only losing 7. It appears that the Dodgers' wealness was its fielding. Its hitting was 1s good or possibly better than any club in the league, but as most ball players know, you can give ‘om away much faster than you ean get ‘om. This summation would be incompléte without favarable mention of Wade Horner, the Dodgers’ capable catcher, Bill Tatum, Flip Ellis, Frank Smith and Rufus Hawkins, all of whom figured prominently in the second half drive. ‘The Dodgers will be primed for the coming seasor and are without a doubt worthy opponents.

As mentioned in the first half, THE MUSTANGS are a aserappy club and were expected to make things ot for any club it met. n the beginning it lived up 0 its name, “Mustangs” but during the second halt a funny thing happened on the way to the stretch and instead of tightening up, they fell apart. Man ager, Chuck Taylor, while an execllent player, leaves something to be desire

in calling for Chuclcs scalp! While T'm in this spirit of benevo- lence, T might as well eall for C. C. Clark's sealp, too! €. C! pitched a few good games and conld have

itched more if he would concentrate more on piteh- 1z and less on umpiring. Aside from the Mustangs’ isorganization, 1 feel this club has the material to be u serious contender next year. Bobby Gerlack, for example, has been the top second sacker in’ the league. Other luminaries on this team inelude John “Mac” Mangan, J. “Flip” Fleming, John Butler, Martin Swoboda, and, last but not least, Chuck “soon-to-be-sealped”” Taylor. With better manage- ment, this club can live up to its name, “Mustangs” next year. After all, our “Mustangs” were famous before Ford's!

THE BRAVES had trouble getting a manager in the beginning of the season, which might account for their poor showing. The Braves finished last and,

e must say rave”! This team hung i there and proved that it’s not only the winning or losing that counts but how you play the game. These guys en- joved themselves and having nothing to lose (since they were already in the cellar) gave the contenders some anxious moments. Fred Jordan, in the dual role of manager and pitcher, was hard pressed all year. After pitching w strenuous game; not much ‘nergy is left to meet the challenges inherent in managing a ball elub. Tn this case, one hat is better than two! Sill in all, there are grounds for opti-

ism. There were a few standouts on this club, but taking everything into consideration it was too much of a team effort to mention any particular player. The only place the Braves can go is UP! So let's get ‘om, Braves!

3