---
author: null
issue: Fall
layout: item
newspaper: Eastern Echo
pageNum: 36
tags: null
title: Football
year: 1966
---

Preceded by a serics of dedicated practice ses. sions (an altogether unusual setivity for the citizens of these parts) ES.P, football, '66 version, was vieled on Lubor Day with o spirited pre-season exhil tion game featuring the Angels and 1965 champion Conquerors, won by the Conquerors 12 to 6. Septen- ber 11, the **new”” Packers fade their debut (also an exhibition) a successful one by besting the Angels 1210 7. League play began September 18, 1966,

As in past years three teams again participated in the league—ANGELS, CONQUERORS and the PACKERS under *‘new’” management. Al well bal anced and evenly matched us is attested to by the fact that there were no less than 6 scorcless ties involving all three teams.

Following, in the order of their respective won- loss records, is a review of the teams and personnel

The CONQUERORS experienced some minor diffeulty recruiting and as the season got underway it looked as if last vears champs might be this years ““chumps.”" But there was George Miketish and Cal vin Milligan (“Mr. Quarterback) to be reckoned with. “Mac”” kept hustling hither and yon get the necessary ““autographs,” and Calvin, wel, o time he can’gather 10 other guys and a footbill to gether he’s going fo make things rough for the opposition.

Some of last year's Conquerors still remain and formed the nuclews around which this years feam was built—Russell Budd, ‘Rosy”" Minter, “Big Six’ Connors, Jimmy Hovt and Milligan himself. Also acquiting themselves Tike true Conquerors were - C. C. Clark, Murray Dickerson, Charley Butler, Andrew Lopes, James Brickhouse, Martin Swoboda, ““Gypsy'

Ferce, Joe Salladino, Leonard Massey, John Lujack, Alvey Chauney, Steve Schartner, Robert Cole, Fred

joerner, William Corbett, Dennis Shields and Charles ‘Rocky"” Negri. The latier two joined the team for the last two games and were of definite help in the clinching of the championship.

Calvin Milligan, field general of these gridiron titans, demonstrated week affer week, his competence in this role. Calvin’s particular brand of football is based upon systematically undermining o specific area of the oppositions defense. The merit of this strategy 18 evident in that teams under his leadership have won two championships in @ row

The fans were particularly impressed with the **power sweep”” used so effeetively with *‘Rosy” Min. ter stepping_ beautifully along behind tremendous blocking by all-pro’s Russell Budd, James Brickhouse, *“Gypsy” Ferce and Martin Swobods, the strong side of the Conguerors line. Often providing the key block which enabled a runner to spring free for the long scoring runs would be the ofher running backs. C. Clark, “Sonny”” Lopes, Murray Dickerson, * Beau’ Massey and Calvin himself.

The important role of a tough, good blocking

line is known o all of us and need ot be discnssed at any great length here, suffice it to say the aueror line did its “job.” And thereby permitted the backs to do theirs; which after all comes down to what the gume js all about. A team effort on the part of eleven individuals.

The d plaudit recei

sive players of this team deserve every d. Opponents total score for 7 games Which, if my arithmetic is correct, uverages out o 1 point o game. Led by Budd, Brickhouse, Cole, Chauncy, Schartner, and the leading pass intereeptor of the léngue, Massey, these uys did one whale of & job.

Keeping an ear to the ground enables one to pick up quite a bit (besides dirt, that is) and so far I haven't heard any vociferous cries to ““break-up’” the Conquerors, a disgruntled crack or tyo, but noth- ing to get really oxeited about, Besides, the only way they could **break-up” the Conquerors would be to send us all home.

plaed were 7 points

Congratulations Conguerors! Champions of the B.SP. football scene for the second straight year