---
title: Angels
author:
newspaper: Eastern Echo
year: 1966
issue: Fall
pageNumber: 36
tags:
layout: item
---

ANGELS

The ANGELS, a Lomax and Welty production,

mediate rave notices from all of BS.P. fan. not n few of whom are most eritieal in regard to upstart new football feams.

Losing 2 successive exhibition games made for some momentary pessimistic speculation, but when the offcial league play began the Angels grabbed first place by winning 2, and tying 2 in their first four starts (AIl of which gocs io show a poor exhibition or two does ot a season make). Tn their last 4 games they won 1, lost 2, and tied for a final record of 3 wins, 2 losses, 3 séoreless ties

Comprising the heaviest_(average) line in_the Ieague this vear were Ronald *Big Boy”” Lomax, 210; John **E] Snako”” Welty, 230; Dave Haan, 220; Con- way, 200; Stanley Moroz, 190. Les Karver and Otis Halloway were offensive ends. *“Hillbilly”” was the all important center. Calling the signals at quarter- back was Harry **Roll.out” Zietz, who had “‘a very ood year."” Handling the fullback chores was Henry *‘Big Hank"” Buckery who likes to run the ball; left- half ‘was Marvin Thompson, picture runner; Mr. Blocking Back’" S. Cantoral provided his usual co sistent brand of play, and McMillan and *Goodie! Goodman rounded out the backfield. Alfred Sheppard, Steve, Joe Massanova, James Banks, ““Dutch’” Bagely, ““Red”” Smith and William **Pencil Willie'” Thornton all specialized on defense and did a very commendable Job.

Coach Billy Cantoral “spotting,” shuttling play-

ers in and out of the line-up, and shouting words of

encouragement to the men on the field, handled

diffcult assignment like he’d been aronnd the game awhile.” (He has, and that's a fact)

““Pencil Willie’” sustained an aggravating knee injury early in the season and was ont the remainder of the year. The Angels sorely missed his stellar de. fensive line play.

Easter Echo
