---
title: 
author:
newspaper: Eastern Echo
year: 1966
issue: Fall
pageNumber: Inside Back
tags:
layout: item
---

Echo to be printed black ink on white, cheaper paper throughout. This is being done for economy reasons, ease of printing plus speed in production. But more: We are going to look like we mean business, and we d

There will be a “local news section.” Tn this section will appear any ‘noteworthy prison happenings. Chess, sports, music pages or sections or depart- ments will no longer exist as such. “Local News” will be treated considerately but briefly.

Somehow, in a journal of serious inmate thought, the movie schedule ‘hardly seems important—especially as it does appear elsewhere and is not timely in the Echo. That's serapped !

Crossword puzzles are to be found in each Philadelphia paper delivered to this prison. Ours—is gone!

Articles will not be solicited from the prison’s staff for publication in the Echo—with one exception. Mr. Brierley will be urged to say more to us in his message. Other members of prison stafl not excluded from writing in Echo—but may have article(s) rejected. All articles are subject to editorial comment. (See six)

Number five must have our chaplains wondering. Echo is not for or against any particular religion in its journalistic policy. Echo will support moral tenets of all religions and of all churches where they are, in fact, being actively pursued. Sunday school sermon.type articles are not Echo material—if articles authored by the clergy contain an obvious or subtle theme along the lines that the author’s church represents the “one true religion”” or is the *‘chosen” or “best” for whatever reason being applied, such an article will be rejected.

Editorial type page cartoons welcome. They can say so much.

Poetry will be scattered throughout the journal and not confined to

Vital statistics—population count, deaths, paroles, pardons, ete,, are to be noted.

10, Letters to the cditor from all sources will be welcomed. These become the property of the Echo and will be published—though eritical or compli ‘mentary—when space permits. Letters to the editor of the Echo must be signed and living quarters of the inmate designated. That way we of the Echo stafl can readily verify if the inmate whose name is signed is the actual sender.

11 Tomates having diffeulty in seeuring a job for possible release may insert an ad of & general nature (specifying job skills) in the Eastern Echo. Any replies will be handled through our institutional parole counselor.

GOT SOMETHING TO SAY?

SAY IT IN THE ECHO!
