---
title: Rare Exhibition Of Beauty At National Flower Show
author: Unknown
issue: 15
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 11
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
RARE EXHIBITION OF BEAUTY AT NATIONAL FLOWER SHOW       The National Flower Show will open at the Convention Hall, in this city, on March 26th. Prizes worth $25,000 are to be awarded the winning exhibitors, who will be there, with their choicest flowers, from almost every State in the Union.       The show, which is to be held under the auspices of the Society of American Florists and Ornamental Horticulturists will, it is announced, to be the biggest thing of the kind ever held in the United States.       The exhibition itself will not be the only thing of interest, for during the week the show lasts and which will be proclaimed “National Flower Week” by the Mayor, the Garden Club of America will hold the their convention here. This convention will attract delegates from all sections of the country, people who are interested in and have done much to beautify the gardens of the new world. Other organizations of like character will be represented, the American Rose Society holding its annual show and convention in connection with the greater gathering and showing.       One of the very interesting features of the exhibit, so far as Philadelphia is concerned, is to be a talk by Miss Caro Miller, the young woman who has charge of the school and some gardens. She will tell how the houses of the slums have been brightened and lives made happier with growing things. 




