---
title: The Umpire Ad Column
author: Unknown
issue: 15
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 11
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN There is no obligation attached to the “ad” service of this paper, but notices for publication must come through your Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify the Umpire Office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of Ad column. FOR SALE—Clothes brushes, hair brushes and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to $1.50. B 1381, 7B. (**) TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3 B. FOR SALE—Scarfs made of Germantown wool on frame 7x2½  ft. from $1.50 up. Shawls made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391, 7 G. (4) WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry made to order, also fine engraving done. Work first-class, B 7945, 7G. (2) FOR SALE—Fancy hand painted post cards done in oil and water color, 6 for 5c. Photo enlargements in crayon. 8 B. B 6829 (6) FOR SALE—Scarfs and throws of Germantown wool, best work, lowest prices. B 7107, 7B. (6) FOR SALE—Lord's Prayers 15x20, all pen flourish with gold shading; also 15 styles post cards. B 6982, 9 B. FOR SALE—Pure tone violin rare bargain, $10. B 5867, 7 B. (7) FOR SALE—Thorner Gernati Accordeon with case and instruction book. Cost $8, will sell for $4.50. B 6153, 5 B. (7) FOR SALE—Oil paintings on canvas, glass and wood, different sizes, also painting done to order at reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (5) FOR SALE—Fancy German silver rings; also tooth picks and stick pins at reasonable prices. Work guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722, 7G. (5) FOR SALE—1 single dart board $3, 1 double dart board $3.50, copper wire and well finished. B 7483, 1B. (8)  FOR SALE—Music stand 5Octs., and Italian—English and English—Italian Dictionery for $2. B 5676, 12 B 1 G, (8) NOTICE—Safety razor blades sharpened at 2c each. Gillette blades 3c B 5400, 12 B. (9) FOR SALE—3 gilt frame pictures 20x24 inches, also 42 passe partout pictures. Will sell reasonable. B 6308 9B. (9) FOR SALE—E flat piccolo, J. W. Pepper make, in good condition; also instruction book with finger chart. 2 books, one with 43 and the other 62 pieces for piccolo. All for on 9 $3.50. B 7016, 5 B. (9)FOR SALE—Easter bead Collars & Chains for Ladies, latest style, prices reasonable. B 5496, 12 B 2nd G. (9) FOR SALE— Gillette Safety River & one doz. blades, almost new, half price. B 6803, 125B: (9) FOR SALE—Eleven string Weyman Mandolin, good tone, true fingering. B 6056 10B. (9) FOR SALE— Cornet: Tromb, Violin and Mandolin, all in good condition, also instruction books B 7059, B.4 (9) FOR SALE—American Conservatory mandolin: new Sacrifice. $7.90. Going home soon. B 6881, 6 6 G (11)FOR SALE—Complete set of carpenter’s tools for inlaid work, almost new, price $10. B 6994, 6 B. (11) 
