---
title: Former Pennsylvanian In Command Of Flying Column
author: Unknown
issue: 22
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 12
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
FORMER PENNSYLVANIAN IN COMMAND OF FLYING COLUMN    Col. Dodd When Farm Boy Studied as He Worked       Colonel Dodd’s force made up of the 7th and 10th Cavalry Regiments, which crossed the border near Hachita, N. M, and is said to be advancing by forced marches to protect the Mormon colony.       Colonel George Dedd, tall and wiry, bronzed by the sun of many campaigns, and head of the “flying column” after Villa, is 63 years old, but when he retires this year he will leave active service as physically fit as when he got his sheepskin at West Point. His hobby is physical training. He instituted the army’s “monkey drill,” or setting-up exercises.       Before entering the army Colonel Dodd was a farmer and lumberman, and Williamsporters who remember Colonel Dodd as a boy say he was never happier than when driving a team of his father’s horses The mother was opposed to the son entering West Point. However, she proudly tells how, while preparing for the examination, he carried books with him to his work and studied while driving a team on. the farm.       “If he starts out to do anything he’ll do it and do it well,” she said as she looked at a framed portrait of the cavalryman.       Colonel Dodd has see much service. Most of it was in the Indian campaigns of the South-west. His work there and in Philippine campaigns was chiefly responsible for his getting the present assignment. 




