---
title: Is It Your Fault
author: Unknown
issue: 22
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 12
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
IS IT YOUR FAULT       What a great change in life it would mean for many of us mortals if we would only study to maintain as nearly constant a spirit of contentedness as possible; if we were to endeavor to look at the brighter side of conditions that surround us, instead of the reverse. All things would then assume a much different aspect than they do when we look for the imperfection about us; for it is assure as fate that we cannot appear happy, and be constantly on the outlook for deciet, envy and ingratitude from their fellow men.       If there is anything that narrows a persons mental vision in life, it is to follow along those lines of thought. We not only stand in our own light by so doing, but to a certain degree we reflect our narrowness to others, and in so doing we become an agent of discord and depression.       This mental attitude may all be changed if we will it so, by looking toward the better side of things that abound. Man was made to aspire, to look upward and to the Prospect of future fulfillment of brighter prospects in life. If we do this, the future will open up countless opportunities for success in any field.       Our every effort should slant upward, never downward. By assuming the former course, our life would be a continual ascent, a victorious march onward.       The next time you feel a fit of doldrums hovering near, just turn a few “mental handsprings” and see how quickly the vision will become normal, and things begin to brighten on all sides. Then you will be enabled to greet those about you with a smile, and soon you will conclude that there is much pleasure to be had in this old world after all, and that many of its people are worthy folks. A psychologist has said that, about ninety per cent of our troubles begins at home.” How about it? 

