---
title: Do You Believe In “Luck”
author: Unknown
issue: 22
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 12
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
DO YOU BELIEVE IN “LUCK”       In turning over the pages of a book the other day I found a four-leaved clover hidden among its pages. This little incident brought back to mind the old belief about luck being associated with the finder of this sport of nature.       This belief like many similar notions of the past, is fast loosing its charm to beguile the simple minded.       In place of the belief in charms and other fallacies, we are rapidly awakening to the realization that much of the so called “luck” is simply due to energy, application and decision of character. We may however, still believe in heroes, and should keep brave men constantly in mind before us, as it is always an inspiration to so do It will also serve to bring about an advancement along our pathway onward.       Then if you prove to be all you think you are, the real man will soon be manifested in many ways. You will no longer fill an inferior position in life, some one will discover you, and then you will be rewarded according to merit, which is the real test of fitness, for no one can rise and retain his hold at the top on anything else; which may be easily seen and understood if we look about us. Continuancy of advancement, or in Positions can never be attained be the pursuing of a wrong idea, or belief that a subterfuge will take the place of sterling merit. Many who have been called on in the past have failed on account of their belief in false ideas, or in “luck” coming their way.       It is a forlorn hope to expect to obtain and to hold any position of importance in life, without the sterling element of individuality. If you harbor any thought of the four-leaf clover “luck,” it must be the genuine article, in the form of energy, application, decision and merit, which will lead you on to victory.
