---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 22
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 12
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION David W. Griffeth, who now draws a salary of $100,000 for directing the film productions of the Mutual Company, started in the motion picture field by acting extra parts for the Biograph Company—when he was needed. The dean of American illustrators is Reginald Birch. He was born in 1862. Two years younger than he is A. B. Wenzel. Both studied in Munich A third American illustrator who studied in Munich, is Arthur I. Keller, whose age—forty-eight—is the same as that of Charles Dana Gibson. Admiral Porter had a very intelligent Chinese servant named John. One day John asked permission to attend a funeral. “All right,”? said the Admiral. Then he added: “I suppose you will put some food in the grave as the Chinese do?” “Yes, sir,” John replied gravely. “Now, John,” continued the Admiral, “when do you think the Chinaman will eat the food you put in his grave?” “At the same time, sir, that you dead friend that you buried a few days ago will smell the flowers that you put on his grave,” answered John urbanely. Mark Twain was walking up Fifth Avenue when a little girl about ten years old slipped her hand in his and began to match his stride. “I’m awful glad to see you,” she said. “Are you?” said he. “That’s very nice of you.” “Yes,” she answered, “I knew you right away.” They continued to the next corner chatting, he proud that he could be so well known that a little girl like this could pick him out. Suddenly a horrible thought struck him and he stopped.“Who am I?” he asked, turning around. “Why,” answered his companion, “Buffalo Bill, of course.” Justice Moody was once riding on the platform of a Boston street car standing next to the gate that protected passengers from cars coming on the other track. A Boston lady cane to the door he car and, as it stopped, stated toward the gate, which was hidden from her by the men standing before it. “Other side, lady,” said the conductor. He was ignored as only a born-and-bred Bostonian can ignore a man. The lady took another step toward the gate. “You must get off the other side,” said the conductor. “I wish to get off on this side,” came the answer, in tones that congealed that official. Before he could explain or expostulate, Mr. Moody came to his assistance. “Stand to one side, gentlemen,” he remarked quietly. “The lady wishes to climb over the gate. 
