---
title: Artistic Slippers Of Torjok
author: Unknown
issue: 22
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 12
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
ARTISTIC SLIPPERS OF TORJOK       Among the specialties of Great Russia which have been shut out of the markets of the world by the war are the wonderfully embroidered leather slippers made by the women of Torjok. These products enjoyed a considerable popularity outside of Russia, and they were thought by the women who wore them to be more comfortable than the Indian moccasin and more “chic” than the artistic creations of the French, The women of Torjok also make many other sorts of embroidered articles and a delicate variety of Russian lace, a lace descendant of the Byzantium finery genre.       The slippers, mostly Morocco leather worked with gold thread, form the little city’s chief claim to recognition and distinction. They are known in every part of Russia, and are to be seen in the Caucasus and in Siberia, as well as in Moscow and Petrograd. In recent years, this Russian product began the markets of other countries. Travelers in the Czar's empire became acquainted with a chance pair and thereafter their fame would be made in such travelers’ home communities. The Torjok slipper stood for solid comfort, goo! materials and artistic perfection.       Several hundred women do the embroidery work for which Torjok is famed, and they are much sought after as wives, because each of these skillful artists more than doubles her husband's income. The Russian mechanic who is lucky enough to get one of the girls trained by the municipality in Torjok’s school of embroidery is removed from all threat of future poverty.       The Zemstvo or Town Council of Torjok founded a school of embroidery some fifteen years ago, in order that the town’s embroidery tradition might be kept free of all artistic blunders through all the years to come. The is now the central influence in the industry. Girls enter the school at about the age of twelve years, and finish the course in three years. They are taught all of the elements of their work, including designing, and the natural, inherited ability of the peasant girls of this section has been increased many times since Zemstov’s foundation.    




