---
title: Villa Eludes Pursuers By Dividing His Band
author: Unknown
issue: 29
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 13
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
VILLA ELUDES PURSUERS BY DIVIDING HIS BAND    It is Admitted That if He Reaches Former Stronghold in Mountains it Will be Difficult to Get Him.       Latest reports from Elpaso, Texas, state that Villa has outwitted his pursuers by splitting his forces, leaving one body to hold in check the Carranza troops in the neighborhood of Namiquipa, while he himself, at the head of a picked force is trying to break through the lines of his enemies south of Madera, according to information brought here today by Americans arriving from Pearson and Casas Grandes.       This information redoubled the interest with which word is awaited from General Pershing that American troops have clashed with the Villa band.       The Villa forces, reported two days ago to be engaged in battle with Colonel Cano at El Oso, escaped without any real fighting, according to a message to General Gavira, made public by Consul Garcia. The message said the followers of Villa were at San Geronimo, some miles south of El Oso, and that American troops were co-operating with the troops of General Carranza.       Apart from the keen anticipation of news that the American soldiers were advancing safely, the border people were mostly interested in the report from Washington that an agreement had been reached in substance between the first chief and Washington which would permit General Funston to use the Mexican railroads.       The using of the Mexican lines by the Americans is expected to be the supreme test as to whether friction with the Mexican people is to be averted and real co-operation between the Carranza authorities and the United States expedition established.       Officials here say that if General Carranza has agreed to let the American expedition use the railways to move men and supplies around Villa and his band their capture will be short work. 

