---
title: Echoes Of Baseball
author: Unknown
issue: 29
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 13
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
ECHOES OF BASEBALL       Joe Jackson, the heavy hitting outfielder of the White Sox, has purchased a home in Savannah, Ga. He paid $7,000 for the house and turned it over to his mother uniil he returns from the 1916 World’s Series in the fall.       Eddie Grant’s retirement from baseball to take up the practice of law marks the passing of one of the real highbrows of the game. Grant, a graduate of Harvard, probably is one of the most thoroughly educated men who ever played professional ball.       The story that Lee Magee would act as field captain of the Yankees has been denied by Manager Donovan, who states that Peckinbaugh will retain the job and that he is the logical man for the position. Magee seems consigned to a berth in the outfield, Joe Gedeon being the favorite for second base.       It is rathes surprising that all major league clubs granted waivers on Pitcher Douglass and that, too, before his escapade at Tampa, for the tall mountaineer, in spite of his occasional lapses, is some pitcher, all managers will admit. However, it was done and therein is a warning to other ball players who misbehave.       One of the interesting stories of the week was that John McGraw would ship Fred Merkle to the Chicago White Sox and sign Hal Chase to play first base for the Giants in his place. The only hitch in the story is that the National League would about as soon waive on Merkle as it would on Jake Daubert. 




