---
title: The Public Defender
author: Unknown
issue: 5
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 14
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE PUBLIC DEFENDER       From time to time we have notice the agitation in the various papers throughout the country, of the advocation of a public defender. Without question this is one of the needed reforms of the future that is taking strong hold of the public mind, and we venture to say that as soon as the taxpayers and public spirited men are led to see the many sided benefits that will come of its adoption, their interests will crystallize into decisive action in the matter.       Reviewing one of the legal periodicals recently, we note the following paragraphs which seem well worthy recapitulation in our columns.       “Of the many innovations—reforms we may say —in the administration of the law in recent years in the United States, is the creation of the office of public defender. To the West, more willing to experiment than the conservative East, is due the birth of this new idea of the administration of justice, as well as that of the juvenile court, and that it has proven a success is evidenced by its speed to other sections of the country.       An amendment to the constitution of the State of New York, providing for the establishment of the office, has recently been submitted to the constitutional convention. Theoretically, the prosecuting attorney, as an officer of the court, sworn to see justice done represents the accused as well as the state, but practically it has been demonstrated that one man cannot represent two sides of a case at one and the same time without one or the other suffering, and the result is that the poor man-must do without a proper and adequate legal defense or, worse, accept an attorney of the class known as, “shyster.”       Perhaps one of the strongest arguments in favor of the creation of such an office is the highly successful results obtained in other communities where it has been practically tested, while the most serious objection urged by many is the expense. This contention also finds its best answer in the experience of others, it being claimed that the administration of the office in Los Angeles, where it has been tested more thoroughly than anywhere else, shows that the public defender actually saves money for the country by eliminating delays and useless trails.” In addition it also serves the purpose of creating a greater respect for the law of the land, in that the poor man will feel that he is actually receiving real justice. 
