---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 5
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 14
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION Clarence Mackay is an enthusiastic lover of dogs and has extensive kennels in connection with his mansion, “Harbor Hill,” at Roslyn, Long Island. John William Kellette, the Photo-play author, has a greater liking for roast beef than for army rules. During the Spanish-American War, when some army red-tape had tied up canned roast beef right under the noses of the hungry soldiers. Kellette cut both the red-tape and canned beef with one stroke of a hatchet and was fined three dollars. Mayor W. G. Nye of Minneapolis, who welcomes all visiting conventions and makes many talks at church sociables and like events, has designed a speech that, by the change of words, at intervals throughout, can be adjusted to fit any occasion. He recently delivered it before an organization of undertakers and then repeated it, with necessary intermittent word changes, before the State Poultry Raisers, and received an ovation in both instances.Here’s one about Josephus Daniels: When he was playing one of the star parts in the drama of the Baltimore convention, he was the victim of a catastrophe. In getting out of his bathtub, he slipped and injured two of his sturdy and well developed ribs. When it was announced that he would be made Secretary of the Navy, one of his chums from North Carolina asked him one day. “How on earth can this country expect its battleships to be built and boarded by a man who broke two ribs trying to get out of a Baltimore bathtub?”  When Senator William S. Kenyon was a youngster in school, he had an examination in geography one day that was extremely difficult. One of the hardest questions was: “Name four animals that inhabit the polar regions.” Kenyon thought of polar bears and seals, and that was all. For the life of him he couldn't recall another one—not even a walrus. After racking his brain until he was half distracted he finally answered the question as follows: “A polar bear and three seals.” Even President Wilson has fallen into the popular habit of telling jokes on the Ford automobile. The other day when he started for an auto ride he observed four machines parked in front of the White House and noted that three of them were Fords. This reminded him of a story, in substance as follows: The owner of a Ford had come down with what was considered his last illness and requested the friends gathered about his bedside to see that the machine was buried with him. Much surprised at this odd idea, they pressed him for an explanation.“Well,” said he, “that little old car has pulled’ me out of many a deep hole and it may pull me out of this one.” 
