---
title: Echos [Sic] Of Baseball
author: Unknown
issue: 5
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 14
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
ECHOS OF BASEBALL       Only seven more days, and the E. S. P., American and National Leagues will open the 1916 baseball season.       Christy Mathewson declares his shoulder is not hurting him and that he feels sure of staging a grand comeback.       Germany Schaefer was describing the base running of a former star catcher in the majors, now retired. “It was awful to see him go down to first base,” said Schaefer. “Why, he could run all day on a ten-cent piece.”       “Chick” Gandil reminds one of George Stovall in one way. He makes the pitchers cover first, and if the Cleveland hurlers fail to improve in fielding it will not be “Chicks” fault, for he absolutely declines to scoop a grounder and dash for the sack himself.       Percy Haughton, who is some all around athlete, will put on a monkey suit and work out with his Braves at Miami, so he says. When coaching football teams he usually appeared in uniform, it will be no new experience for him. Woe betide him if Stallings mistakes him fora rookie and hands him a line of that famous Stallings conversation for a miscue.       One can believe what he pleases about the terms of Benny Kauff reached with the Giants. One story is that Benny received his bonus of $5,000 cash down and a raise in salary sufficient to cover the sum he claimed from Harry Sinclair. If this be true Benny is a pretty costly bargain for the Giants, granting that $35,000 was paid for his services to Sinclair in the beginning.       Charley Weegham, president of the Cubs, was talking with a number of Chicago newspaper men after attending his National League mee ting at New York.    “Well, how did you like it?” he was asked.    “Great!” replied the new leader. “It was just like a Federal League meeting except I didn’t’ hear the word ‘million’ used so often.       Eddie Plank is as much a hero of Palestine these days as the hero of Gettysburg, a tittle he has borne gracefully for some years. A Texas ranger was robbed of a lot of money and jewels in the lobby of the Palestine hotel the other night. Plank climbed out in his nightie and ran down the bandit, capturing him without assistance. The town blacksmith is making Eddie an iron cross.       “Kauff isa player of the old school,” said John McGraw the other day. “He thinks and lives base ball. That’s the way I did when I was a youngster. That is the way all the old Orioles felt toward the game. There are not many players like that today. Cobb, perhaps, is, but most of the others can’t get through with practice soon enough.” 
