---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: A-8435
issue: 5
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 14
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES    Last Saturday’s H. F. C. Shows.       An appreciative audience, and a well rendered program tended to make the entertainment of the Honor Club, a howling success on Saturday afternoon last. Though out the two hours, consumed in producing the different numbers, the audience was kept in almost a constant uproar of laughter. Too much praise cannot be given Troup No. 4. The only regrettable feature of the entertainment was the omission of the Gymnastic Act of B 6650, who was unable to appear and two other numbers which could not be put on for lack of time.       The H.F.C. orchestra, under the able leadership of B 6252 simply outdid themselves, at the request of B 6447 (our Vice President) B 7251 rendered two selections on the piano the applause he received proved beyond doubt the appreciation of the boys. One of the best hits of the entire show was the comedy sketch “A Quarrelsome Couple’ by B 7717 and B 7462, the female character impersonation of B 7717 and the mirth provoking act of B 7462 brought down the house. The boys gave “Whitey” B 7766 the glad hand in his character sketch . “The Fakir, Showman and auctioneers.’ Whitey is right there with the goods. Another comedy sketch “The Haunted House” by B 7195 and 7478 called forth much applause and laughter, there is no mistaking the ability of 7192 as a fun maker or a laugh producer. “Guitar King” B 8086 with his original songs, and the act of “The Musical Specialty Co. were well received all the other numbers were of the same high character. Every one enjoyed the show to the limit, and seemed to join each other in pronouncing the show fine and up to date. One of the most laudable incidents in connection with this entertainment (showing the thoughtfulness and consideration of our Club Officials) was the presentation of a ticket for the show to each one of the Federal prisoners confined here but who will leave us on Monday by reason of their removal by the U. S. Government to a Federal prison, it was intended to give them a public farewell but time was too short, but we all send our best wishes to them for a pleasant journey.       This week the 3rd, 9th and 12 Blocks go out. Tickets will be issued Saturday at noon — A 8435 Representative Delegate 

