---
title: Brief News Items
author: Unknown
issue: 12
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 15
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BRIEF NEWS ITEMS Bar silver and Mexican silver dollars attained their highest quotations since the beginning of the European war. Silver bullion sold at 29¾ cents announce and Mexican dollar at 46 1-8 cents. We are pleased to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of a number of Bulletins from the Dep’t of Agriculture, on American song and game birds. The subjects are well written and interesting to lovers of bird life. At San Francisco, the price of gasoline took its fifth jump in five months when the Standard Oil Company of California announced that, beginning Monday April 10th the price of the product would be advanced one cent, or to 19 cents a gallon. In this city Tuesday gasoline was selling at 25 and 26 cents a gallon, retail, while some distributers were asking as high as 27 and 28 cents. At standard garages the lower price prevailed, but in outlying sections the higher rate was in force. One of the largest shoe rapairing concerns in the city announced last Saturday an advance of 25 cents over old prices on cobbling work. Thus the public is beginning to feel the “war” conditions affecting a scarcity and ever-climbing cost of leather. The Chamber of Commerce recently announced that three more conventions has been obtained for this city. The International Association of Manufacturing Photo Engravers will meet here in June. Among others coming to this city in 1917 are the Beta Phi Sigma Society and the Photographers Association of the Middle States. The Baldwin Locomotive works has received orders as follows: One American type for the Tuscarora Valley Railroad; one 2-6-2 type for the Ashland, Odanah and Marengo Railway Company; one 0-6-0 type for the LaBelle Iron Works; one 0-6-0 type fur the Michigan Alkali Company; one 0-6-0 type for the Standard Oil, Company; 29 2-10-2 type for the St. Louis and San Francisco Railroad Company; one consolidation type for the Flagstaff Lumber Manufacturing Company, and two 10-wheeled type for the Tennessee, Alabama and Georgia Railroad Company. 
