---
title: Just Begin Again
author: Unknown
issue: 12
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 15
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST BEGIN AGAIN       It is well always to commend a good thing when opportunity to do so presents itself, and it is for that reason that we are please to pass on to our readers the following extracts of an article from one of our esteemed contemporaries, which is as follows:       When a man is in distress he needs something substantial. He does not want charity — that is, he does not need charity; for charity is a crutch, and it teaches one to lean—to walk unnaturally. What a man wants is real help, and that spells w-o-r-k. When he is enabled to get work he can help himself, and it cannot be reasoned out in any other way, and at the same time be practical. For it is true that sympathy and charity and help very often get sadly tangled, and when they do it, often makes a bad mess of it all.       The writer has had some seasons in life that were pretty “Lean,” but somehow “sympathy” always “got my goat” It makes one feel ashamed of himself, so to speak, and I’ve always found that all REAL MEN feel the same way about sympathy.       It sometimes happens that a man wants to sit down and hold a sympathy session, and tell me all about his troubles, and when he does s), I cannot well help feeling that he is a weak member who is sadly in need of true courage to fight out lifes’ battle. But if he comes and asks for work or advice, I’ll do all I can to find, and to give it to him.       One should be clean spirited enough to rejoice in another man’s prosperity, and it should be most gratifying to help the fellow who really needs help. But it is not a wise policy to get “worked up” over the sympathy “dodge.”       The better way is, that if you are “up against it,” JUST BEGIN AGAIN. Start right in somewhere, if it’s at the humblest position you know of. BEGIN AGAIN; and if possible to avoid, don’t borrow, for that is but little better than begging, or “plain panhandling.” A man in good health can always find something to do. The great trouble is that there is often to be found those who refuse to begin again’ They want somebody to push them, or prefer to beg.       Few men who have worked at a trade all their lives ever find it difficult to get work; but if called on to branch out in something new, you will notice that they are always willing to do almost anything that may come along, and that is the distinction that is worthy of notice. “A loafer will be a loafer, in or out of a job” and to such, but little help may be extended at any time.
