---
title: Echos [Sic] Of Baseball
author: Unknown
issue: 12
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 15
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
ECHOS OF BASEBALL       With a Judge on first base the Senators ought to get the best of the decisions this year.       “Tinker,” says an exchange, “is giving his team a terrific shaking up.” The Phillies have already done that.       There seems to be quite a bit of rivalry stirred up already as all four teams are predicting they will “bring home the bacon.”       Hal Chase has been signed by the Cincinnatti Reds, he should be of great help to them as he is still a valuable ballplayer.       Eddie Rousch the Federal Leaguer, has made a big hit with the Giants, for he has plodded along quietly and made good with a vengance.       The baseball season opens today, “Peter Stevens” intends to bring home the scalp of the Cubs, and the Shed expects to bowl over the Printers.       Connie Mack says he has sold his last ball player, which comes pretty near being literally true, barring Stuffy McInnes and one or two outfielders.       Tommy Leach has an 18-year-old son who is said to be a much better ball player than his dad was, at that age. Maybe so; but he'll be some Leach if he sticks as long as the old man did.       Ty Cobb on a recent visit to Cincinnatti lost a diamond in the dressing room of a Pullman. The stone was valued at $600. The young sun of a section foreman found the jewel and was suitably rewarded.       Hughey Jennings, the famous manager of the Detroit team, is a sick man—seriously sick. Last week he scraped his leg teaching recuits how to slide, and neglected to have the injury treated properly. As a result the wound became infected.       Mike Doolan, who is picked to fill the job of shortstopping for the Chicago Cubs, is not only said to hive shown a most uncertain arm, but he is fat and slow and Phillies who knew him in his prime were shocked at his decline from the Doolan they knew several years ago when he appeared in the Phillies-Cubs series.       Morrisette, one of Connie Mack's promising pitchers, has everything necessary but the disposition. Morrisette is not a trouble-maker, nor is he a rowdy. He is a splendid youngster, who takes care of himself, but does not take the game seriously enough. Mack believes that Morrisette will learn that baseball is a serious business and will develop into a star.    
