---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: A-8432 
issue: 12
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 15
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES       Without doubt the most interesting as well as amusing entertainment given this season by the Honor and Friendship Club was held on Saturday afternoon last. The hall, just recently cleaned and whitewashed, trimmed with flags looked spick and span. B 6650, the first number on the programme, being indisposed was unable to perform his gymnastic act, but he however rendered a solo on his one string instrument followed by B 7591 with vocal solos, both being applauded to the echo. The comedy sketch “A Quarrelsome Couple” by B 7717 and B 7462 made the usual hit with the audience; B 7717 certainly seems to have captivated the boys with his impersonation of a female. B 7251, piano soloist, was again called upon and received much applause for the way in which he handled that instrument. The sketch “The Haunted House” B 7195 and B 7478 called forth the usual laughter and applause in this act B 7195 must be seen to be appreciated. The act of The Musical Specialty Co., livened up the crowd and caused much merriment. The H. F. C. Quartette were on and rendered several vocal selections which were well received and appreciated, yet there seemed to be a note of joyful sadness about it, as this will be the Last time they will appear together B 6933 (Locke) going out this week, all hands joined them in singing the chorus of their last song “Good Bye Boys”. Whitey, B 7766, again gave his character sketch “The Fakir, Showman and Auctioneer. What did more than any thing else to make the entertainment interesting, was the arrival of Mr. Frank Dipple of the Brotherhood Mission, this city, and the entire choir of the Christian Endeavor Society of Trinity Episcopal Church, numbering some 30 or 40 persons; they did not all remain spectators but took part in the entertainment. Miss Little and Mr. A. Buckley sang a duet, after which the entire choir sang two selections receiving much applause, then again followed a duet by Miss Bessie Birtwistle and Mr. A. Buckley. Mr. Dipple then made a brief but touching address, followed by a prayer, in which he said “If any of you have no other friends, come to me, and I will be a friend to you.” On motion of our President Reuben C. McKenty, and seconded by our Vice-president B 6447. Mr. Dipple was unanimously elected an honorary member of our club aid presented with a button. Much praise is due the H. F. C. orchestra and B 6252 who presided at the piano for the way they acquitted themselves.       Members are all warned against the misuse of tickets. No ticket will be accepted at the door except the one issued for the entertainment to be held on the same date that ticket is issued. Any member violating this rule will be severely disciplined.    A 8432, B 7819.    Representative Delegates.


