---
title: Prisoners And Sheriff Converted
author: Unknown
issue: 19
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 16
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PRISONERS AND SHERIFF CONVERTED From various sources we learn that there has been a number of extensive religious revivals conducted in various parts of the country, and from Springfield, Ill., comes the information that splendid work has been accomplished there. The meetings were of special interest to all-in attendance. A striking figure among the large number of converts was Sheriff John A. Wheeler. A number of his deputies and several of the officers of the jail were also converted. The sheriff had permitted the inmates of the jail to attend the services, special deputies being sworn in to accompany them. Numbers of these prisoners were converted, seven of them being baptized in one of the churches before entering upon their penitentiary sentences. The sheriff himself came boldly to the front one evening and announced his determination to turn to Christ after twenty-five years of unbelief. His first official act after his conversion was to issue a statement that gambling, big and small must cease, and that no favoritism would be shown. His second official statement was to the effect that all men found in immoral houses would he prosecuted under the criminal laws, and their names published. His conversion created a profound sensation. The conversion of a sheriff which results in a practical reform in enforcing all laws without halt or fear or favor is a significant fact. Sheriffs of couties as a general rule are men of intelligence and courage, many of whom enforce the law as a sworn duty. There are others who are moral cowards, who shiver in the presence of rich malefactors, especially if they represent the liquor interests.
