---
title: Scientific And Instructive
author: Unknown
issue: 19
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 16
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
SCIENTIFIC AND INSTRUCTIVE       One of the strangest animals known to zoologists is the tenree, an insect eating animal found only in the Island of Madegascar. It is supposed to represent a very ancient type of animal which is now almost extinct. Madegascar, once a part of the mainland of the African continent, was separated therefrom at a very remote period in the past. Asa result a fauna peculiar to the island has been developed.       The death rate from wounds in the war is less than one-half as great as it was a year ago, Dr. Jacques Bertillion, medical statistician in the French army, declares that by hardship and exposure the men have become so toughened that they can now stand twice as much as they could last year. Then 45 out of every 1,000 wounded died, while now less than 20 succumb.       A big elm tree on Independence square in Philadelphia, said to have been planted by King Edward VII when he visited this country as Prince of Wales in 1861, died some time ago and was cut down recently. A number of small historical relics and the body of a cat, accompanied by a carefully printed note requesting that the bones be undisturbed, were found about the roots.      The World’s Greatest Lens. The largest reflection mirror ever made is now nearing completion in Pittsburg. The lens weighs two and a quarter tons, the diameter is six feet, and the focal length is thirty feet. The mirror is part of a telescope which is to be erected on Saanich Hill in British Columbia, the whole weight being about 260 tons. The mirror will be accurate to one two hundred and fifty thousandths of an inch of a parabolic curve.       Tried In The Crucible. A clay has recently been discovered in this country which is better than any imported clays for crucibles and pots used in glass-making. The United States Bureau of Standards has just completed a series of tests by which the proper mixtures of different uses were determined. Glass manufacturers of the Netherlands are now importing soda from the United States instead of from Great Britain. American manufacturers recently shipped a large amount of furniture to South Africa, and America is once more exporting cheese, butter and condensed milk, both to the European market and to South America, Australia and the East and West Indies.
