---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 19
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 16
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION Senator Thomas, of Colorado, sums up his life by saying that he has practiced law, stuck to the Democratic party, kept out of the church, and invested in mining operations. He is a striking example, he says, of what a man can accomplish by combining the legal profession with mining. As rapidly as he had made any money from his profession—and he has had a large and prosperous practice —he has invested it in mines, and thus kept himself from growing rich and arrogant. A Democratic member of Congress sauntered into a cloak-room with Mr. Uncle Joe Cannon and remarked: “Honestly, Mr. Cannon, sometimes I don’t believe you’re half as bad as you’re painted. I’ve been reading mean things about you for years and enjoyed them all and agreed with them, but I’m willing to assume that perhaps some of them were more or less exaggerated.” The former speaker wrinkled up his face in that funny smile of his and said: “As a matter of fact if people want to get hold of a lot of mean, ordinary things about me, I myself could tell them things worse than any that have yet been said.” Franklin Roosevelt, assistant Secretary of the Navy, does not mind having people buttonhole him to inquire just what relation he is to the Oyster Bay Roosevelts. He is free to admit that he is proud of the relationship and it gives him great pleasure to explain his family tree to the humblest citizen. Franklin and Theodore are fifth cousins, or thereabouts, and to add to the complications, Franklin took out papers a few years ago and married T. R.’s niece. Soon after that he ceased calling him Cousin Theodore and began addressing him half-facetiously as Uncle Ted. T. R. stood for it and they get along with perfect amity, though of different political faith, one being a Democrat and the other a prominent Bull Mooser. When Oscar Underwood, Democratic member of the Senate at Washington, was a very young lawyer without experience of any sort, he appeared in his first case in Birmingham, Alabama, with Judge Bricknell, who had been Chief Justice of the State Supreme Court, as opposing counsel. Bricknell, famous for his hammer-and-tongs method of abusing and ridiculing young attorneys, put the youthful Underwood on the grill and roasted him to a rich, dark brown. Underwood took all the abuse, sarcasm, and irony without a murmur, and at last his time came Addressing the court, he called attention to a decision of the Supreme Court which he proceeded to read. “I think this decision is sound,” he said, “and Task a verdict for my client on the strength of it. It was handed down by that distinguished expounder of the law, Judge Bricknell, when he was Chief Justice.” Underwood won. 
