---
title: Games of the Week
author: B-7685
issue: 19
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 16
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
GAMES OF THE WEEK Wednesday’s. Games. Ninth—13 Cubs—5 True to the tradition, the Ninth made an auspicious beginning by lambasting their opponents the Cubs to the tune of 13 to 5. Lefty true to form scoring the season’s first “home run.” Jordon also hit the ball for the circuit in the fifth inning, with a long drive over the fifth block roof. The Ninth hit the delivery of Moon’ freely who lasted three innings, when he was replaced by Boyd. The Ninth gathered 7 hits, while 4 walked, one hit by pitched ball, and 3 fanned, Charlie did the honors for the Ninth, allowing five hits, walked five, struck out eight, one hit by pitched ball. A feature of the game, was the fielding of Silly and Blink. Score by innings as follows: 			         R. H. E.Ninth     2 9 0 2 0 0— 13  7  1Cubs	     0 2 1 1 1 0—  5  5  2Home Runs—Lefty and Jordon.Two Base hits—8175—JordonUmpires—Mack and AndyPrinters 8—Shed 3The Printers opened the 1916 baseball season by defeating the Shed by the score of 8—3.Slim doing mound duty for the Printers was in great form, allowing only 4 hits and striking out 10 men. Mack was on the mound for the Shed and also deserves credit for the fine game he pitched against the heavy hitting Printers, allowing 10 hits and striking out 11 men, his poor support at times were the cause of some runs the Printers got. The whole Shed team deserves credit for the fine showing they made, and will be very much in evidence before the season is over. Score by innings follows:				      R. H. E.Printers	0 2 0 5 0 0 1—8  10  0 Shed		0 0 2 0 1 0 0—3  4    2Three base hit—Slick.Two base hits—Slats 2; Fats 2. Umpire—Jack. Friday’s Games Printers 7—Shed 4 Costly errors, and several bad decisions by the Umpire, enabled the Printers to win the second straight game from the Shed. The Shed, playing an up-hill game until the sixth inning, when Mac started to issue free passes, this combined with several hits and an error, netted the Printers 4 runs and the game. The Shed came right back and started to pounce on the offerings of Ginger coupled with two bases on balls, gave the Shed 3 runs, it looked dangerous for the Printers, and the old reliable Slim had to go in and finish the game. With the exception of one bad inning, the features of the game was the pitching of Mac, and the sensational fielding of Fisher for the Shed, while Slats deserves credit for his great catching, and timely hitting in the past two games. Score by innings follows: R. Printers=22 25-52 == 000 114 1—7 Shed) So222==s202a— 10000 3 9-4 Two base hits—Smitty. Struck out —by Ginger 6; Mac 7. Base on balls—by Ginger 4; Mac 4. Umpires Jack and Andy. Cubs 4—Ninth 2 Despite the heroic efforts of the Ninth to beat them, the Cubs managed to triumph over the ninth in a hard fought and interesting contest by the score of 4—2. Chick and Jordan thrilled the fans by their sensational fielding in the inner garden, a grand one-handed stop being credited to each. Barney’s catch off the wall drew loud applause from the crowd. A batting rally in the fourth, at the expense of Charley, which produced 3 runs was the medium through which the Cubs scored their victory. Boyd was on the firing line for the Cubs and was effective throughout. The players of both teams went about their work with a spirit and dash that argues well for their future work this season. Score by innings follows: Ree aes Gubsess2 sce eens 0 0°03 1 0-0—47 9 70 Ninth 2-5 205220 50n0k ON =o wo aa) Two base hits— Carrol, Pet, Reds, Augie. Struck out by—Boyd 7; Charley 3. Base on balls by—Boyd 4; Charley 5. Umpires Mack and Harry. 
