---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: A-8432 
issue: 19
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 16
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES      On account of the “Mission” being held last week for our Italian inmates, in the Chapel building, the H. F. C. entertainment scheduled for last Saturday afternoon had to be postponed. Two more shows are to be given, Saturday the 22nd, and the last on the 29th of this month. Another member of the H. F. C. Quartette will be missing this week; B 7135 (Jonesy) leaves us on Thursday. The H. F. C. extends to him a fond good-by and their thanks and best wishes for a bright successful future. Members are again cautioned about the misuse of tickets. Only tickets issued on the 22nd will be good on that date. This week the 4th, 10th, 11th Blocks and 5th Gallery go out, tickets will be distributed as usual at noon on Saturday next. For the summer, members will have the privilege of enjoying a baseball game each week instead of a show. A regular H. F. C. nine has been organized and equipped with all the necessary adjuncts of a first class team and arrangements have been perfected to have a nine to be picked from the Blocks or Galleries that go out on any certain date to play against the regular team on that date. None but members of the H. F. C. batters and twirlers to display their prowess in the great national sport. It is to be expected that members with all conduct themselves in an orderly and gentlemanly manner, all demonstrations of enthusiasm and applause should be restricted to the clapping of hands. There are promises of great things in store for the boys, if they will but show their appreciation by continued good conduct and behavior.       A 8432, B 7819   Representatives Delegates


