---
title: GAMES OF THE WEEK
author: Unknown
issue: 26
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 17
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
GAMES OF THE WEEK    Tuesday’s Games    Printers 9—Shed 1       In an uninteresting game the Printers defeated the Shed in the third game of the series by a one-sided score of 9—1.       Russell was on the mound for the Shed, and was soon replaced by Mack, owing to his wildness and the poor judgment of the Umpire in calling balls and strikes.       Slats doing mound duty for the Printers was invincible, he also was there with his “war club,” having 3 singles, out of as many times at bat.       Score by innings as follows:    				      R. H. E.   Printers	1 2 3 1 2 0 0—9   8  0   Shed		1 0 0 0 0 0 0—1   3  0       Two base hits—6960.    Struck out—by Slats 6; Mack 7.    Base on balls—by Slats 2; Mack 7.    Umpires Jack and Harry       Cubs 2—Ninth 2       The game between the Cubs and Ninth developed into a pitcher’s battle, with the result being tied by the score of 2—2.       In the fifth inning with the score 2—1, with Chick on third, Pet’s sacrifice fly enabled Chick to cross the rubber with the tying run.       Boyd’s steadiness at critical times, and the gilt-edged support of the inner works, was effective in holding the Ninth in check.       In the Ninth’s half of the sixth, with two on base they failed to score.       The wind played havoc with the shoots of Charlie who presided for the Ninth.       Score by innings as follows:    				               R. H. E.   Ninth		2 0 0 0 0 0 0—2   2  1   Cubs 		2 0 0 0 0 0 0—2   3  1       Three base hit—Chick.    Two Base hits—Jordon 2; Walter.    Struck out by Charley 6; by Boyd 1.    Base on balls by Charley 3; by Boyd 1.    Umpires—Marty and Andy.       Wednesday’s Games    Cubs 17 Shed 1       In a batting matinee the Shed received a severe trouncing at the hands of the Cubs by the final score of 17 to 1. The Shed work like a lot of hired men, and their apathetic attitude would lead one to believe that they didn’t care whether school kept or not, making many foozle plays. The Cubs hammered Joes’s benders with ease. Williamsport, the mound man for the Cubs, pitched a good game.    (Continued on fourth page)      (Continued from 1st page)       Jordon the Cub slugger fattening his batting average with three hits and a four-bagger. Bill, in the last few minutes of play, made a circuit clout, scoring the one lone tally for the shed.       Score by innings as follows:    Cubs    Shed   Umpire—Mack and Andy.       Printers 5—Ninth 1    In the first game of the series with the Ninth, the Printers won their fourth straight victory, in an exciting game from start to finish, by the score of 5—1.       “Big Slim,” got the ticklish assignment of opening the series for the Printer’s, and was invincible, throughout the game, proving he will be a hard man to beat.       Herb who scaled the peak for the Ninth was not very effective at critical times, a home run by Fats in the latter part of the game with 2 men on bases, paved the way for an easy victory.       The game was marked with spectacular fielding, phenomenal stops, and heavy clouting, especially by Fats, he led the attack with a single, double and home run.       Score by innings as follows:    Ninth   Printers   Doubles—Fats, Happy, Chick,    Home Run—Fats.    Struck out—by Slim 6; Herb 5.    Base on balls, Slim 3; Herb 2.    Umpires Mack and Marty.       Ninth—10 Cubs—7    The tie game between the Cubs and Ninth was played off and resulted in a victory for the Ninth by the score of 10—7.       The Ninth took a commanding lead in the fourth inning, when Chick’s long drive over the fifth block roof netted him a four bagger, and scored Charley who was on second,       Boyd, in the box for the Cubs, was not given the usual support, two errors being chalked up against them.       Charley, who worked for the Ninth, worked hard throughout the game.       Pidge and Blink, executed the ‘squeeze play,” receiving loud applause.       Score by innings as follows:    Cubs   Ninth   Umpires Mack and Bloom.       Friday’s Games       Printers 6-Ninth 1    The powerful attack of the Printers was too much for the Ninth, in the second game of the series, and the Printers won the second straight game from them in easy fashion, by the score 6-1.      A gathering of about 100 loyal printer fans, headed by Whitey calling themselves the “Loyal Rooter’s,” made plenty of noise by their college yells and cheering. The Warden and many of the other officer’s and officials were interested spectators during the game.       “By Slim,” again demonstrated that he can deliver the goods when called upon to do mound duty, by being master of the situation from the first inning until the whistle blew.       Blackie, started to pitch for the Ninth and was soon relieved by Charley after getting 3 run’s in the first inning before the side was retired, the last 3 runs were gotten while Charley was in the box.       The hitting of Hagy and Fats was the feature’s for the Printers, while Chick deserves mention for a great one handed catch he made of a hot liner.       Score by innings as follows:    Ninth   Printers   Umpires—Andy & Billie.       Cubs 6—Shed 5    In a nicely contested game, the Cubs defeated the Shed, under the leadership of Mack the new Shed manager, by the score of 6 to 5.       Logan started for the Shed, gave three tickets, then giving way to Make who gave 5 hits fanned 5 and walked 1.       Albie, was on the hill for the Cubs, and gave 8 hits fanned 6 and walked 2.       Big Bill’s, stick work and fielding won his preference with the boys.       Pidge and Blink getting the knows in the art of purloining bases.       It was an interesting game throughout.       Score by innings follows:    Cubs   Shed   Two bases—Brownie, Joe, Big Bill.    Umpires Marty and Miller    


