---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: A-8432 
issue: 26
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 17
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES      The H. F. C. entertainment given last Saturday, was of the same high character as those give in the past, the same acts and sketches that have been running for the past six weeks being given by Troup No. 4 to a well pleased audience in addition to this however was a piano solo by Prof. Wiegandt Jr. who was roundly applauded and compelled to render a second solo, His father Prof. Wiegandt Sr., director of our E. S. P. choir, also gave a well rendered solo on the cornet with piano accompaniment by B 7251 and B 5602 read a very touching farewell address to B 6447 (our Vice President) who leaves us this week having been granted a pardon. B 6447 sang a farewell solo granted a pardon. B. 6447 sang a farewell solo “Over the Garden Wall.” In a neat little speech, of well chosen words, President Rueben C. McKenty in the name of the Honor and Friendship Club presented to B 6447 (Vice President) a solid gold watch charm as a mark of respect and esteem for his untiring efforts in behalf of the club, and the members of the club all extend to him a good by and their best wishes for a bright and successful future. Mr. Dipple was again present with the boys and in a short address gave them a good many words of hope and encouragement.       The last show of this season will be given next Saturday the 29 inst. the 5th and 7th Blocks and Gallary go out, tickets will be distributed Saturday at noon as usual.    —A 8432, B7819, Repres. Del.   


