---
title: "Wednesday’s Games: Printers 6--Cubs 1 "
author: Unknown
issue: 3
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 18
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK    Wednesday’s Games    Printers 6—Cubs 1       The Printers won their sixth consecutive game by defeating the Cubs by the score of 6-1. Slim, (“The War Horse”) was again the victorous twirler, allowing the Cubs but four hits, walking 3, and having 8 strikeouts. Boyd did the mound duty for the Cubs and with the exception of one inning, pitched good ball. He having allowed 8 hits, stuck out 8 and passed four.       The Printers were the first to score, getting the first run in the the 3rd inning, but the Cubs came back and tied in the 3rd, and for a few minutes it looked as though the Cubs would take the lead Jordan drove a long fly into the 5th Block corner that looked good for a home run, but Otto shattered all hopes by making a clever catch.       In the 5th inning the Printers cinched the game by scoring three more runs. Boyd be came wild passing Otto and Buck and filled the bases by hitting Slim with a pitched ball. It was then the “Barry” of the game was pulled off by Jordan, who after fielding Hagy’s hit, stood holding it as if spellbound and watched two of the runners romp over the home plate; and left Hagy reach first in safty. Another run was scored this inning when Jacoby singled scoring Slim.       The last two runs were scored in the sixth when Mac singled, Buck walked, Slim sacrificed scoring Mac, and Hay put on the finishing touches by clouting a two base hit scoring Buck.       Score by innings as follows:    				            R. H. E.   Cubs		0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0—1   4  0   Printers	0 1 0 0 3 2 0 0 0—6   8  0      Two base hits— Hagy; Fats; Buck; Blink      Ninth 7 Move to Hasten Rebuilding of Navy       Loose fielding characterized the Shed play and the Ninth treated Smithy’s team to a coat of whitewash by a score of 7—0.      Herb the Ninth pitcher was in good form allowing 4 hits, fanned 9, walked 5 and two hit by pitched ball.       Williamsport, in the box for the Shed was given the rankest kind of support.      He was found for 6 hits fanned 4 and passed 2. Hump, got a home run in the fourth inning when he lifted the ball over the 12th Block.       Better fielding and more timely hitting was the feature of the Ninth’s attack.      Score by innings as follows:   			            R. H. E.   Ninth	2 0 0 2 2 1—7   4  1   Shed		0 0 0 0 0 0—0   6  0      (Continued from 1st page)      Home Run—Hump.   Three base hit—Bill.   Doubles—Williamsport; Stump; Smithy.   Umpires Mack and Marty   


