---
title: Intemperance Well Depicted
author: Unknown
issue: 3
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 18
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
INTEMPERANCE WELL DEPICTED       Slowly and surely the temperance cause is winning its way with all thinking people. The iusidious effects of the use of liquors is being brought before the public mind by scientific demonstration and by statistics. No small wonder is it then, that we are awakening to the great necessity of curbing this evil, that posterity may benefit, and that crime may be reduced to a much lower minimum. As an exposition of the many attendant evils it the train of intemperance, we believe the following summing up by Robert Ingersoll will be found to be most complete.       I am aware that there is prejudice against any man who manufactures alcohol. I believe that from the time it issues from the coiled and poisonous worms in the distillery until it empties into the jaws of death, dishonor and crime, it demoralizes everbody that touches it—from source to where it ends. I do not believe anybody can contemplate the object without being prejudice against the liquor crime.       All we have to do, gentlemen, is to think of the wrecks on either bank of the stream—of deaths, of the suicides, of insanity, of the ignorance, of the destitution, of the little children tugging at the faded and withered breasts of weeping and despairing mothers, of wives asking for bread, of men of genius it has wrecked—the men struggling with imaginary serpents, produced by this devilish thing; and when you think of jails, of the almshouses, of the asylums, of the prisons, or the scaffolds upon their bank, I do not wonder that every thoughtful man is prejudiced against this stuff called alcohol.       Intemperance cuts down youth in its vigor, manhood in its strength, old age in its weakness It breaks father’s heart, bereaves the doting mother, extinguishes natural affection, erases conjugal love, blots out filial attchment, blights parental hopes, brings down mourning age in sorrow to the grave. It produces weakness, not life. It makes wives widows children orphans; fathers, fiends—and all of them paupers and beggars. It feeds rheumatism, invites cholera, imports pestilence and embraces consumption.       It covers the land with idleness, misery, crime. It fills the jail, supplies the almshouses and demands asylums. It engenders controversies, fosters quarrels and cherishes riots. It crowds penitentiaries and furnishes victims for the scaffold. It is the life-blood of the gamblers, the element of the burglar, the prop of the highwayman and support of the midnight incendiary It countenances the liar, respects the thief, esteems the blasphemer. It violates obligation, reverences fraud and honors infamy. It defames benevolence, hates love, scorns virtue and slanders innocence. It burns up men, consumes women, detests life, curses God, despises Heaven. It suborns witness, nurses perjury, defiles the jury box and stains judicial ermine. It degrades the citizen, debases the legislator, dishonors the statesman and disarms the patriot. It brings shame, not honor, danger, not safety, despair, not hope, misery, not happiness, and with the malevolence of a fiend it calmy surveys its freight of. desolation and unsatiated havoc. It poisons felicity, kills peace, ruins morals, blights confidence, slays reputations and wipes out national honor—then curses the world and laughs at its ruins. It does all that and more. It murders the soul. It is the sum of all villainies, the father of all crimes, the mother of all abominations. The devil’s own best friend and God’s worst enemy.     


