---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 3
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 18
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION       Representative Thomas M. Bell, of Georgia, received an appealing letter from a horse breeder down in his district.       “My youngest boy has left us and joined the regular army,” wrote the horse breeder, ‘and now I can’t get him out again. Can’t you arrange some way to get him out? He was a particularly good boy in many respects, and I was raising him for my own use.”       Samuel R. Van Sant, former Governor of Minnesota, who leaped into national fame some years ago when he slapped Prince Henry, of Prussia, on the back and said: “Hello, Prince!” at a reception in Chicago, is an old Mississippi river steamboat captain and believes that the days of river navigation are coming back again—utilitarian, if not romantic days of river traffic like “befo’ de war.”       Silent Frank” is the epithet that one of the World Film directors has earned. Frank Crane was formerly as loud in his directions as any of them, but one day during his heated directions and shouting in a mob scene he lost his voice temporarily. This accident proved to him that more could be accomplished by quieter methods—presto—now it is “Silent Frank” Crane.       There is a fascination about listening to Senator Thomas P. Gore, the blind statesman, tell of the things he has “seen.”    “The San Jose Valley, in California, is one of the most beautiful places I have ever seen,” he remarked recently. “It would be fine to live there.”? And he went ahead to talk of the beauties of California with as great knowledge of details as if he had actually beheld it all. In the same conversation he said:    “Boston is the most interesting city of all though. No matter where I look, I see something of historical significance.”       Representative Billy Kent, of California, has an old friend, a guide, who lives all alone out in the mountains. His nearest neighbor is about twenty miles away and as a rule he does not see more than one or two human beings in a month. And that is exactly the way the old fellow wants it. He dotes on the solitude and isolation of it all, and would keenly dislike having anybody around to bother him. A few months ago, for some unaccountable reason, things were a little brisk up his way and two different men went by the same week. The old chap told Kent about it, remarking, as he finished:    “I guess I'll sell out here and move.”    “Why??? asked Kent. “You’ve lived here all your life. What would you want to move for?”    “Oh,” replied the old guide with a frown,    “I can't stand so much traffic going by.”    




