---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7819
issue: 3
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 18
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES       The usual well pleased audience witnessed the closing entertainment of the H. F.C. on Saturday afternoon last. The following programme was rendered:       Overture 			H. F. C. Orchestra    Juggling Act 			B 6650    Vocal Selections 		B 7591    Sketch (Comic) 		B 7717—B7462    The Fakir & Showman etc. 	B 7766    Original Songs 		B 8086    Sketch (Comic) 		B 7195—B 7478    Act by Musical Specialty Co.    Piano Solo 			Prof. Wiegandt, Jr.       It is quite difficult to decide between 7717 and 7195 as to who has scored the greatest hit in this series of entertainments. At the opening of the entertainment B 7819, Representative Delegate, introduced the new Vice President, A 8432, who expressed his appreciation of the honor conferred upon him. Chaplain Joseph Welch was present and gave the boys one of his usual interesting and amusing talks, and it may be remarked right here, that our Chaplain knows a thing or two and no mistake about it. The H. F.G. Orchestra, under the direction of B 6252, deserves particular mention for the excellent music rendered during the course of these entertainments. It is conceded on all sides that the thanks of the members of the club is due the Warden, the Club’s Officers, the Entertainment Committee and all other persons who in any way assisted in making these entertainments the success that they were. The Chairman of the Entertainment Committee also extends his thanks to all of those who gave their time and talent to help bring about these good times: Great things are promised for next season: Next Saturday, May 6th, the H. F. C. baseball season will be inaugurated, and will continue throughout the summer on Saturday afternoon, Right here the Officers of the club wish to state that on the good behavior and conduct of the members themselves, depends the continuance of this privilege. Both the Warden and Reuben C. McKenty have issued orders that all members must act as gentlemen. No profanity or loud and vulgar talk, either addresed to the players or among themselves, or talking to prisoners through the 12th Block windows will be permitted; in short no rowdyism of any kind will be tolerated. These orders are imperative and any member offending will forfeit the privilege of going out. The members will be divided into three sections, thus allowing all to see a game each three weeks. The blocks and galleries will go out as follows:—1st week, 1st B, 8th B, 4th Gal., 6th B, and Gallery.       —B 7819,B 5602, Rep. Del.    




