---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 10
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 19
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION       James Speyer is a Philanthropist as well as a banker. He is interested in many hospitals, settlements, and charity organizations.       Henry Lee Higginson, the Boston banker, is a clever author and frequently contributes articles to popular magazines on various subjects.”       Benjamin F. Bush, president of several railroads, hates dress-suits and has no use for valets. He draws a salary of $100,000 and smokes cigars which are reputed to be as black as the roof of around house.       Henry P. Davison, member of the J. Pierpont Morgan firm, is a tireless worker and often remains at his desk long after the men under him have gone home.       Alfred Wiggins, president of the Chase National Bank, has a remarkable memory. He has a vast fund of knowledge always on tap regarding the credit of industrial concerns.       Professor Michael I, Pupin, of Columbia University, as a boy ran away from school to work in the shops. He came back though, and finished in Columbia at twenty-five. Some of his inventions have brought him both wealth and fame.       Former Vice-president Charles Warren Fairbanks used to carry four or five different hats when he went on a campaign tour to speak from the rear end of a train.    In cities when the populace was of a character that would expect to see a great man in a high hat, and would be disgruntled if he wore anything else, Fairbanks made good in a fine, expensive silk hat. In smaller cities he wore a neat but conservative gray Alpine affair, and through the rural districts an old tramped-onlooking crush hat. By having a different kind of hat for every kind of locality, he always fitted into the picture satisfactorily without the annoyance of changing the rest of his clothes.       Senator Hoke Smith, of Georgia, is one of the best offhand sleepers that State has produced. He is a man who seldom relaxes when he is awake, but when it comes to sleeping he can get under way on short notice. If he has a little spare time on a train or street car he'll look at his watch, snap it shut, and say to himself: “I might as well sleep a while.” A minute and a half later he will be sound asleep.       And he is equally keen at getting awake. If his nap takes place on a street car and he wishes to wake up twenty minutes later, in time to get off at a certain corner, he simply sets a little imaginary alarm clock in the back of his head and gets awake right on the dot.       

