---
title: Looks Like War  With Mexico
author: Unknown
issue: 17
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 20
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
LOOKS LIKE WAR WITH MEXICO       Latest report from Washington, D. C. states that Americans throughtout Mexico are being warned to leave that country at once.       Secretary of State Lansing, made it plain that the orders to American Consuls to urge their countrymen to return immediately to the U. S. were not conffned to any particular localities. He sail the orders were issued to Consuls everywhere in Mexico.       The orders of the Secretary also gave to the Consuls authority to leave Mexico when it becomes necessary for their safety, without waiting for specific orders from the State Department. The last census of Americans in Mexico, taken by the State Department six weeks ago, showed less than 3000 in the entire country.       The War Department has plans perfected to call out the entire National Guard of the country if the necessity arises. The Quartermaster’s Department is in touch with the railroad companies, and at certain points equipment is being held in readiness for an emergency. Itis expected that the next troops to be called out will be the cavalry forces of the various States. Cavalry is still badly needed by General Funston.       Futher indication that the American army operations are under way for an extended campaign, are in evidence, though details are lacking, owing to orders from, headquartes not to discuss the Mexican embrailio.    
