---
title: Where The Real Blame Lies
author: Unknown
issue: 17
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 20
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WHERE THE REAL BLAME LIES       It is beyond question that many saloons are owned by the brewery interest. This being the case, most of the saloon keepers are simply tenants. Now the question is, do these all powerful interests actually demand of their tenants that they dispose of a specified quantity of beer each week, or in event of failure to come up to the required amount, to seek another tenant who can “fill the bill.”       In that event the saloon keeper has but one way, which is to maintain the agreed upon amount of beer to be sold, or to retire and be followed by another who can.       That would seem to require a means of stimulaing trade, and the dealer must be in a position to sell to many who are not situated so as to handle the “goods” successfully to the advantage of their well being.       We remember when prohibition was a great effort to surpress the use of intoxicants. But the prohibition of to-day seems to be an effort against the abuse of certain privieges or rights. No doubt you may find in these suggestion a few reasons for the great advance made in the cause of prohibition of late.       Unquestionably there are some who may consider the present crusade as a half-baked plan, or an unjustifiable invasion of industrial and of personal rights. But the best answer to that would seem to be that there are many, many thousands more who are making a mighty protest against what the liquor interests are compelling them to bear.       It would appear that as this glorious country is built up of earnest, sober-minded people, it would be only just to assume that the man in public office or out of office, who fails to help put an end to the saloons that fail to observe the best interest of the community, that man, whether in office or out of office has failed of his moral duty, and is really more to be censured than the liquor dealer or the brewer.    


