---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 15
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 11
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION      “What is your idea of a pessimist, Frank?” asked a friend of Francis Wilson, the actor, who is a witty in his conversation as he is funny on the stage.   “A pessimist?” responded Wilson. “Why, a man who lives with an optimist.”      Queen Wilhelmina when a child of twelve was one day seated at dinner beside General Roberts. Suddenly she startled everybody by saying.   “General, I should think you’d be afraid to sit next to me.”   “On the contrary,” said the General, “I am proud of the honor. Why should I be afraid?”    “Because” said the little Princess, “all of my dolls, are down with the measles.”      While William J. Bryan was in a small Texas town recently, he delivered an address that was received with the wildest enthusiasm. At its close an excited young woman rushed up and asked permission to kiss the orator. The embarrassed politician declined the salute politely but firmly. When they had left the town one of the gentlemen who accompanied Mr. Bryan took him to task for his lack of gallantry and expressed his fears that the Texans might resent Mr. Bryan’s action.   “Well,” replied Mr. Bryan with a glance at his wife, who was in the party, “I shall be in Texas only a few days, but I shall be with Mrs. Bryan all my life.”      One afternoon Kaiser Willhelm caustically reproved old General Von Meerscheidt for some small lapses.    “If your Majesty thinks that I am too old for the service please permit me to resign,” said the General.    “No; you are too young to resign,” said the Kaiser.   In the evening of the same day, the Kaiser saw the old General talking to some young ladies, and he said:   “General, take a young wife, then your excitable temperament will vanish.”   “Excuse me, your Majesty,” replied the General. “It would kill me to have both a young wife and a young Emperor.”      Irving Bacheller, the author of “Eben Holden,” was introduced one day by a mutual friend to a Western mountaineer.    “Mr. Bacheller,” explained the friend to the mountaineer, “is an author of great repute in the East.”   “Oh yes!” drawled the mountaineer; “I know of him. I was locked up in my cabin here by the snow two winters ago and I only had two books to read the whole five months: your book, sir,” he said turning to Mr. Bacheller “and the Bible, and I read them both through several times.”   “Indeed!” said the author, a smile of satisfaction wreathing his face.   “Yes, sir,” continued the old mountaineer; “and I never knew before how interesting the Bible was.”


