---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 26
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 17
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION      Secretary Redfield, of the Department of Commerce, is an expert motorboatist, and thinks nothing of cruising along the Maine coast for a hundred miles or more. He does this nearly every summer, his whiskers enjoy the breezes so.      Senator Chilton defended his first client as a young lawyer, while a crowd of masked men waited outside the court room for the defendant in case Chilton succeeded in getting him acquitted. That being the case, Chilton let the man be convicted and sentenced to eleven years. to give the mob plenty of time to disperse      James H. Paterson the well known manufacturer, used to be a boy and showed it when the boys of Dayton, Ohio, were throwing stones through the windows of his factory. Instead of reprimanding them, he gave them grounds and gave instructions to show them how to raise gardens and flowers. His factory buy vegetables of the boys.       Joseph H. Appel, advertising manager for John Wanmaker, says his cousin caught him smoking his first cigarette and threatened to tell on him. Young Appel them “beat” it home and confessed. His father wound up the interview with: “If you feel like smoking again, come to me and we will have one together.” A few years afterwards he had his first cigar in his father’s library.      Before he became an author, Robert W. Chambers was a draughtsman and a painter, and had studied to become an illustrator. In back numbers of “Life,” “Vogue,” and other periodicals, are to be found a goodly number of his sketches and he was well established as an artist and bent upon an artist’s career, when success as an author opened a different road for him to travel. His first book was published in 1893, when Mr. Chambers was twenty-eight. It was “In the Quarter,” and its appearance was followed in the same year by the publication of “The King in Yellow.” The success of the latter left him no doubts as to the career he would follow thenceforward He forsook his easel almost entirely and devoted himself to writing, and story followed story in rapid succession—as many as four a year, to say nothing of shorter bits of fiction appearing in the pages of the magazines. Today, Mr. Chambers employs his ability as a painter only to amuse himself and, occasionally, it is said, for the more practical purpose of fixing in mind some imaginary scene when the course of the plot has foregathered his characters. He was born in Brooklyn and his preference is for life in the city.      

