---
title: Forgive Us Our Trespasses
author: B-7291
issue: 26
volume: 4
year: 1916
month: 17
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
FORGIVE US OUR TRESPASSES      It is said that there is no quarter of the globe, where mankind dwells, where the lord’s Prayer is not known, or has not been heard. People of every rank and condition say it, if they pray at all, from the smallest child going to Sunday school, to men and women whose seamed features and snowy locks denote the weight of many years. The question is, how much real spirit goes with it, with some of them? Do people fully realize or mean just what they say? Now the important part to which I refer, is, “Forgive US OUR trespasses; AS WE forgive THEM that trespass AGAINST US.” We are asking God to forgive US as WE forgive OTHERS, in the same way, in the same measure. Pause and ask yourself; am I forgiven? How many men in this institution are every day begging for, and expecting, mercy to be shown them? Some are asking the Warden, some are asking or writing to Mr. Horstman or the Parole Board. Others financially are employing attorneys to present their cases to the Board of Pardons. It is true, no doubt, that they are all sincerely repentant and ready and willing to begin a new life and do right, if given the opportunity. But do they, do you, or do I show the same spirit of forgiveness and mercy towards  our brother that we expect from others? The minute someone offends us by some word or deed, real or imaginary, we fly into a rage, abuse him, condemn him or ostracize him. Boys! we cannot all be alike, or think alike; and we all make mistakes so forgive, with an open heart, the mistakes or offenses of the other fellow and you will indeed be forgiven your trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us. Think it over comrades. B 7291.    




