---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 17
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 20
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION      Senator Kern, of Indiana, always wears his hat cocked jauntily a little to one side. It matters not a whit, either, if it happens to be a silk hat. In fact, Kern reasons, a silk hat gives one all the more necessity to wear it at an informal angle to take some of the curse off the thing.      The story is that Senator Ollie James climbed into a hack in Washington, driven by a colored man, and was taken to wherever it was that he was going. When he went to pay the driver the fare seemed a bit high, and James demurred slightly.   “That ain’t much money for a po’ widow woman,” remarked the driver.   “What poor widow woman?”    “Mah wife. She own this here hack.”   “But how’s she a widow? You aren’t dead, are you?” asked the Senator.   “No, sah, but her first husban’, he dead, sah.”      Representative Daniel A. Driscoll of New York, is an undertaker.   As he was walking from the office building over to the Capitol one morning, a little shoe-button-eyed panhandler approached him inquiring.   “Mister, do you want to save a life?” —meaning, would Driscoll stake him to the piece of a drink.   “No, indeed, I’m not in the life-saving business,” replied Driscoll, gaily; “I’m an undertaker.”   And the fellow thought Driscoll was making sport of him, whereas he was simply stating the facts.       William B. McKinley, the Illinois multi-millionaire, who is back in Congress again, is a kind-hearted chap. A former employe, in poor circumstances, sued McKinley’s railway for damages. McKinley thought that the claim was unjust and fought the case to the highest court, where he won. Then he felt so sorry for the other fellow that, out of his own pocket, McKinley paid the man’s attorney fees and court costs, and got him a good job.       Representative Simeon D. Fess of Ohio, met an old friend in Washington, and they fell to discussing the ravages of time, especially in regard to loss of hair.    “Yes, I have a great prejudice against being bald,” remarked Fess’s friend, “but I guess I’m elected.”   “Well, you know the old story about the big fly and the little fly,” said Fess. “The big fly and the little fly were promenading across an expansive bald head, and the big fly remarked to the little fly: ‘See this fine wide boulevard here? I can remember when it was nothing but a narrow cow path””   

