---
title: The Law And The Defaulter
author: Unknown
issue: 24
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 21
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE LAW AND THE DEFAULTER      Every few days we see new evidence that the press of the country are advocating a change in the manner of adjustment of offenses against the law. This is an encouraging sign of the times, and we are glad to note that The Saturday Evening Post has championed the cause in the following well presented article:      The man had a salary of nine hundred dollars a year; a wife and two young children; handled money for his employer; took a little of it and falsified his books; took more—of course—with further false entries. When detected the embezzlement amounted to eight hundred dollars. The employer held off a while, hoping the defaulter could restore the amount stolen. This the defaulter was unable to do so; so he was prosecuted and sent to the penitentiary: his wife got a job that took her time at six dollars a week; his children were farmed to impecunious relatives, to whom they were an unwelcome burden. This man weak and foolish, but, aside from thieving, had no bad habits; always meant to do the best he could by his family.      Probably in about four cases of petty embezzlement out of five the employer first tries to get his money back, with a tacit understanding that he will prosecute if it is restored. In such cases what is prosecuting but imprisonment for debt?      It is not when the man steals, but when he fails to pay back the amount stolen, that the state is called on to lock him up. By and large, a stupid way of managing it, we should say!      We should like to see a more elastic law, permitting a court to consider all the facts in the case. Instead of only the very limited set of facts that come come within the rules of legal evidence. What sort of a man he was aside from his embezzlement; why he embezzled; whether he is being prosecuted only because he was unable to pay back the money; whether he would be likely, if left at at large to let other people’s money alone in the future and support his family—such circumstances are socially important, though the letter of the law now takes no amount of them.       Certainly an employer will not get his money back by sending the defaulter to jail. If getting the money back was his first consideration, there could be no hardship in making him take a lien on a defaulter’s further earnings in cases where a court would approve that course as the best social solution.    




