---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 24
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 21
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION      Representative Simeon D. Fess, of Ohio, neither smokes nor drinks, in consequence of many years as a school and college teacher when he feared to set a bad example to the growing youth of the land.       Joe Cannon left school as a boy and secured a position in a country store to help support his widowed mother. He sometimes danced all night, swept out the store, made a fire and was on the job before the boss got around.       Henry Barnhart, member of Congress from Indiana, tells of a young man from out his way who met a young woman he had not seen for many years.   “I thought you were dead,” was the young man’s greeting.   “No,” insisted the girl, “but I’m married.”   “To whom?”   Oh, some Englishman.”      H. H. Kohlsaat, of Chicago, didn’t make his money in the newspaper business, but in the bakery business He served the first quick-lunch in record thirty-five years ago when in the bakery business, and today he runs out to one of the quick-lunch places that grew from the one he first started, and pays his fifteen or twenty cents for food, just as do thousands of others.      Sam” Abbot, Superintendent of the Boston Fire Protective Department, is especially interested in Edison’s latest smoke-piercing light for firemen. There is a reason for this. More than fifty years ago he joined the Boston Fire Department. He was only a boy, but he did active work as a “torch-bearer.” Half a century ago the fireman had youths bear large brass torches and when lights were needed the boys ran along with these torches.       United States Treasurer John Burke wrote a notoriously poor hand when he was a boy attending country school. What made it all the more noticeable was that he had two brothers in the school who wrote a phenomenally good hands. Whenever there were visitors to the school, one of Burke’s brothers was certain to be called on to make a few flourishes on the blackboard. Burke took the position that many of the greatest men in the country wrote poor hands and that it did not much matter, anyhow, as few persons ever saw one’s handwriting And there was where reckoned not wisely, for today his signature is being engraved on all the new money, and unless times are too hard will make its way into every household.    A few months ago one of Burke’s former teachers saw his signature on a new bill and it looked perfectly legible.   Delightedly the teacher wrote to Burke, saying:    “I have just seen your handwriting on a one-dollar bill, and your penmanship has improved wonderfully.”   

