---
title: Interesting News Items
author: Unknown
issue: 24
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 21
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS      John Ledwith, 71 years old, was arrainged before the magistrate in a men’s night court of New York recently for begging in the street. He seemed agitated and besought the officer to let him go, pleading that his mother, 93 years old, would worry about him if he did not return. The kind-hearted judge let him off with an admonition.       Three cans containing $2,500 worth of securities and about $700 in money were dug up a short time ago by a dog at Hawkinsville, Cal. It is believed the money originally belonged to one Thomas Greenwood, a miner, of that town. Rumors are current that he was worth a fortune at the time of his death and now people are digging in all sorts of odd places in the hope of recovering the rest of his hoard.       Workmen in a California sawmill recently discovered a quantity of honey in one of the logs which they had started to cut up into boards. They procured pails and succeeded in collecting more than 50 pounds of the sweet liquid. Although a number of lumbermen had previously worked on the tree in felling it and cutting it into logs none of them had stuck near enough to the honey to suspect its presence.       An old chest, about to be put up at auction by a family living at Shartlesville Pa., gave forth a peculiar rattle when being carried out. The cover which was securely locked down was split open with an axe. Inside was $800 in gold. It was found that the money had been hidden away by the father of the family who had died some time before, supposedly penniless.    




