---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7819
issue: 24
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 21
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES      The Third Section of the H. F. C. had their turn at showing what the inmates of this institution can do, when it comes to getting up a demonstration. The parade formed again in front of the Industrial building, but the route was in the opposite direction from what it was last week The line formed as follows: Color Bearers B 7963 and B 7983. Aides Representatives Delegates B 5602—B 7819. Prof. Wiegandt and E. S. P. Band, B 6252 and H. F. C. Orchestra, H. F. C. Baseball team and players and B 7195 Mascot.      Then followed the main body of the club, each block and gallery in charge of its respective delegates. Upon arriving at the Garage grounds the band rendered a few selections and Prof. Wiegandt tossed out he ball as a signal for the game to begin, which proved to be a good one being hotly contested by both sides for supremacy. The game lasted 13 innings with a tie score of 4 to 4. Mack on the mound for the H. F. C. did excellent work; but did not tighten up until the Block’s team had a lead of two runs. From the third inning until the bugle sounded the game was exciting and full of action and was enjoyed by all having the pleasure and privelige of seeing the game. B 4765 better known as “Billy” deserves great credit for his masterly pitching and slow outshoots, having very good control, causing the best batters to fan the air. The Umpire, all things considered, did good work, as there was several plays that required special attention and decisions. Beginning next Saturday, May 27th weather permitting the H. F. C. members will go out in two Sections instead of three. This is a great favor, in as much as the blocks and galleries will enjoy two Saturday afternoons each month, and this privelige should be appreciated by every one enjoying these pleasures. Remember you are on your honor, therefore let your conduct and your actions be such that you will prove that you are worthy of further consideration and as an encouragement to those who grant us these privileges to do still more for us. Every one should know by this time just exactly what is required of him, behave and act the gentleman and as your block or gallery falls into line at the sound of the bugle, do so promptly, do not linger. Next Saturday, and until further notice, the parade around the institution will be continued, good music will be furnished by the Band under Prof Wiegandt. Now boys let every one of you do your part and act the man in every particular, for if it should ever happen that we should lose the many privileges that we now enjoy, you would find that this would be a mighty dull place to be in. Next Saturday the 1st, 6th, 8th, 10th, 11th 12th Blocks and the 1th, 2nd galleries of the 12th block go out. The Delegates will instruct these members as to rules and improper language on the ball grounds. Rep. Del. B 7819—5602.   
