---
title: Work For Prisoners Planned By Commission
author: Unknown
issue: 31
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 22
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WORK FOR PRISONERS PLANNED BY COMMISSION    Partial List of Articles to be Made in Penitentiaries Announced       The Pennsylvania Prison Labor Commission held an important meeting last week at their quarters in the Real Estate Trust Building, this city. The commission has been engaged in research work of late and the data obtained was presented for consideration to its members and the 12 heads of the largest institutions in the State, and the matter of standardization of materials made by the prisoners was discussed.       It was said a noticeable advance toward a solution of the long-standing economic and sociological problem of State employment of prisoners has in a way been attained with the establishment of the commission.       The hostile attitude of the labor unions to the employment of prisoners has been overcome by the plan which allowes the commission to regulate the compensation of prisoners and install all sorts of machinery for the manufacture of articles to be sold to the various State institutions, in which there are more than 22,000 persons at present. This plan makes it possible for the prisoner to earn a daily wage of from 10 cents to 50 cents. Three-fourths of the amount earned by the prisoner will be paid to the dependent, and the other fourth held in trust for the worker until released. In case the inmate has no dependents the entire amount will be paid on release. This one phase alone, it is said, will enable a released prisoner to assume freedom not only with the feeling of having been employed usefully, but with enough money to admit of a firmer social status.       After deciding on the machinery and pro. ducts as the first step in the employment of prisoners, they called in the superintendents and stewards of the State institutions to decide on the standard of the articles to be made.       A gradual development of the industrial phase of the work is promised, and at present, the commission will test its first step, which is the installation of machinery for making shoes, underwear, hosiery, brooms, brushes, mats, metal signs, auto tags and devices used by the State Highway Department. The hosiery, underwear and shoes will be manufactured in the Eastern Penitentiary, the brooms, brushes and mats in the Western Penitentiary and the metal signs and tags in the Huntingdon Reformatory, where the younger prisoners are sent, Numerous other lines of manufacture will be introduced later, and the penitentiaries will be converted into industial plants rather than penal institutions.    
