---
title: The Well Known Orpheus Club Visits The E.S.P.
author: Unknown
issue: 31
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 22
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE WELL KNOWN ORPHEUS CLUB VISITS THE E. S. P. That Popular Organization Cheer the Inmates With Splendor of Song The visit of the Orpheus Club to the E. S. P. on Friday afternoon last, was one of those memorable events that will long be remembered by the inmates and those who were present on that occasion. Under the able leadership of Arthur D. Woodruff, who came from New York on purpose to direct the singers, over sixty members of the Orpheus Club, that prominent organization of professional men, bankers and others, made their third annual visit to this institution to cheer the inmates with song and to encourage them with an evidence of sterling good fellowship. After the first few lines were sung, the inmates were keenly alive to the excellence of the singing and alternately gave rapt attention and vociferous applause as the various numbers were rendered, The singing was of that high order for which the club is noted, and each song was a real delight of rich harmony of trained voices so pleasing to lovers of good music. The program was well arranged so that most of the numbers were joyful, cheering song. The hits bring, Ab, t’s “Laughing Song,” ‘On the Road to Mandaly,” “The Ring and the Rose,” an old ballad, “My Leves Lies Dreaming” and the “Song of Ferara.”? Robert Drayton and Arthur I. Jackson were the soloists, both of whom were in good voice. Last but not least, may be mentioned the technic of the accompanist which was excellent, being productive of the finest shading and modulation. It is largely due to the courtesy and kindness of Alexander Van Rensselaer, a noteworthy patron and lover of music, that these annual visits are made possible, to which may be added the good will and interest of the Orpheus Club members in the welfare and uplift of the “grey brotherhood. To say that the inmates were delighted with the splendid singing of the Orpheus Club, would be to put it mildly, but most enthusiastic of all were the colored prisoners of the first and fourth blocks, who requested permission to sing one of their favorite hymns to the club members after their program was finished. The request was granted and the men did well in song. Among the large number of guests present was a former Minister to Italy, Alexander Van Rensselaer, John H. Carr, President of the Orpheus Club, Joseph De F. Junkin, William Potter, Inspectors Ignatius J. Horstmann, John E. Hanifea and Dr. Charles D. Hart; Chaplain Joseph Welch Warden Mc Kenty and family, and a host of others all of whom were expressive in praise of the meritorious singing. 
