---
title: Wednesday’s Games: Cubs 5--Ninth 3
author: Unknown
issue: 31
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 22
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BALL GAMES OF THE WEEKWednesday’s Games Cubs 5—Ninth 3 The Ninth were unable to hit Boyd, the Cub pitcher, at the right time and lost by a score of 5—3. Boyd, pitched for the Cubs and turned in his usually strong game fanning 6 and walking 2. Charlie was hammered for 9 hits, while he fanned 4 and walked 3. The Cubs displayed some fast fielding, coupled with good team work at critical stages of the game. Bobby fielded spectacularly for the Cubs making a fortunate running catch, receiving loud applause. Jack Taylor won the batting: honors, with 3 hits in four times up. Score by innings as follows: R. H. E. Ninth 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1—3 4 0 Cubs 2 0 2 0 0 1 0 0—5 9 0 Doubles—Hump; Barney. Triple—Jordan. Umpires—Mack and Andy. Printers 5—Shed 3  The Shed again fell victims to the heavy hitting Printers, by the score of 5—3. The game was featured: by ‘sterling fielding on both sides and was interesting throughout. Slim on the mound. for the Printers, was in fine form allowing only two hits, and ten strike outs to his credit. ig John did not fare quite so well, as he was touched for twelve hits and had only two strike outs. Score by innings as follows: R. H. E. Printers 0 0 2 2 1 0 0—5 12 0 Shed 1 0 1 1 0 0 0—3 2 0 Two base hits—Hagy; Slats 2; Jack. Triples—Hagy; Banks. Umpires Slim and Frank. Saturday’s Games Honor Club 10— Blocks 2 The Honor Club had an easy victory over the Blocks, winning by the score of 10 to 2. Big Slim pitching for the Honor Club allowed 6 hits and struck out 7. Charley for the Blocks was touched for 10 hits and struck out 11. The game was featured by the many brilliant plays of Barney for the Blocks. Umpires Slim & Harry. Cooks 16—Bakers 3 The Cooks won Saturdav’s game, by good (Continued on fourth page) 
