---
title: Human Salvage
author: Unknown
issue: 31
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 22
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HUMAN SALVAGE       From day to day we read of some new developement or newly discovered process which will enable the manufacturer to increase his profits by the reclaimation of that which had formerly been considered as waste material and of no value. Speculation as to extent of the financial gain is usually very optomistic and the event is usually hailed with much acclamation.       With this thought in mind, we feel impelled to make a comparison as to the efforts made to reclaim those who have made a miss step in life and “gone wrong,” but we do not find that this all important subject is receiving the attention that it merits. There are various reasons for this no doubt, but it would seem that the saving of a human being from the “scrap heap” should at least be on a_ par with dollars and cents. In fact the saving of a brother in distress should command every effort within the power of human endeavor       Without question there are many persons who would be most willing, perhaps glad to lighten the burden of the fallen, if the matter was present to them in a proper light, with a practical method for the solution of the problem.       While much has been done by way of reform in prison management, we are still a long way from where we should be in this matter, and a more serious consideration of the subject is very much to be hoped for in the near future.       It is pleasing to note that Louis E. Mac Bayne, and James P. Ramsey of Massachusetts, have taken up the cause of “human galvage,” in an earnest and sincere endeavor to bring about a better understanding of practical reform methods that will be of real and permanent help to those serving a prison sentence. Hew completely their theories have been worked out and proven a success in Massachusetts, space will not permit an adequate description here, but that they have proven their case, and have been justified by moral gain and financial saving for the state, is beyond dispute.       Speaking of “social wreckage,” Mr MacBayne says, no doubt there must always be, so long as men are born with perverted instinct, and deficient intellects, and for such the prisons and not the probation officer must provide. Too often in the past the undeserving, the degenerate have been paroled, while the more worthy, or first term men have been neglected because the false claim of “social wreckage” has been advanced; while as a fact intrinsically good material, which properly worked, could be shaped to reclamation and profitable ends. Of such stuff are the men and women whose stories are both sad and dramatic, depicting much human suffering, stunted pportunities, mistake impulses, and great temptation under more or less serious provocation.       To such, the indeterminate sentence or pardon, should be more often extended in the future, with every probability of doing a belated justice to the unfortunate, by giving them an opportunity to prove their worth and fitness for assimilation into society.    

