---
title: Served Time For A Friend
author: Unknown
issue: 31
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 22
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
SERVED TIME FOR A FRIEND       There came to light not long ago a case of genuine altruism and unselfishness that is so uncommon nowadays that the instance is well worthy of notice, for it is inspiring and gratifying, and may serve to renew or strengthen one’s confidence in men and go to prove that the sterling virtues have not been effaced from the character of the men of today.       The facts of the case are, that someone charged a prominent citizen and office holder in a near by city with having been convicted of a serious crime, and therefore not entitled to vote. He was taken into court where he admitted that he had served a six year sentence in the penitentiary. It was shown, however, that he was entirely innocent of the crime for which he had been convicted, that he had taken all the blame upon himself in order to shield a friend, a man, who had died a_ short time before.       When placed on the stand he told how, some 20 years before, he had gone on an excursion with a popular social organization and that a fight occurred as the result of an insult to one of the ladies present, in which a man was struck a knock-out blow that resulted in his death.       Though several men were arrested and the evidence at the trial proved conflicting, he was convicted and sentenced to prison. He had kept the name of the real slayer a secret ever since the fatal blow had been struck, he explained, and would not have revealed it then if the man had been alive, and he had not felt it a just duty to his family to clear his name.       Those who had known both men were amazed at the revelation. Proceedings were at once commenced to have his citizenship restored.    




