---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7819
issue: 31
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 22
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES      Dividing the H. F. C. members into two sections for their attendance at the Saturday afternoon ball game was put into practice on Saturday last, May 27th, and proved a complete success in every particular. The game was preceeded by a parade, the line of formation being, first: The national colors and club pennant, V. President, A 8432, as Chief Marshal; Treas. B 7983; Rep. Dels. B 7819, 5602; Prof. Wiegandt and E. S. P. Band; H. F. C. Ball Team; B 7195 Mascot; H. F. C. Orchestra with American flag; and finally the different blocks and galleries in this section numbering between five and six hundred men. A_ new feature of the parade was another large American flag carried between the 10th and 6th blocks. Quite a surprise was sprung on the boys, aside from the parade, being the length of the route, the entire line encircling the institution three times; this was good exercise and beneficial to all. Arriving at the Garage grounds Mr. Horstman, son of Mr. Ignatius Horstman; member of our Board of Parole, tossed out the ball as a signal to play ball. The game which was a good one resulted in a victory for the H. F. C. team with a score of 10 to 2; details will be found elsewhere in the “Umpire.” The club battery composed of B 7788 pitcher and B 7958 catcher deserves great credit, and also the work of all the other players was equally good. Mr. Horstman and a large number of visitors from the outside were interested spectators, all seeming to enjoy the pleasure of seeing a game within the walls. Boys keep the good work up, now that everything is running smoothly there is no question but what our club will receive and enjoy still greater privileges in the future. Our good conduct and demeanor towards all and for all is what counts. It is not what we were, but what we are. Always trying to prove that we still retain some of our good traits taught us by our faithful and loving mothers. The attention of the members is called to the large cards hanging on the yard wall, these cards will indicate to you just where your block or gallery belongs, and as you fall into line, at the close of the game, at the sound of bugle and drum do so promptly by two’s as with the large — number of men out there must be no delay in returning to your block and gallery. So now brace up, keep in step with the music, with quick and youthful steps, regardless of you age, and enjoy the fun. Next Saturday the 8th, 4th, 5th, th, and 9th block, and the 5th, and 7th galleries will go out.       Note—The men of the 1st block deserve credit for the manner in which they crossed the Centre, by removing their hats in respect to others present, and in the future all men of the various blocks or galleries, crossing the Centre, will please remove their hats and keep in step and in line as you march around in line with the parade.       Rep. Delegates B-7819 —5602.    
