---
title: Tuesday’s Games
author: Unknown
issue: 7
volume: 6
year: 1916
month: 23
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK    Tuesday’s Games       The game between the All Stars and the Black Demons was won by the latter, the score being 7 to 5 in their favor.       Boyd was on the mound for the AllStars during the first 4 innings and held the Black Demons to 2 hits and 1 run. He was then replaced by Mac who walked the first three men facing him and Jordan cleaned the bases by making one of his costomery home runs, giving his team the lead 5 to 3.       Hagy came back with a home run in the same inning tieing the score; which remained a tie until the 8th inning, when the Black Demons, by heavy hitting scored 2 more runs which won the game.       Slim pitching for the Black Demons had 4 strike outs and allowed 4 hits.       Mac for the All Stars struck out 5 and allowed 7 hits       R. H. E. B. D. 0 1 0 0 4 0 0 2 0 7 4 1 A. S. 0 1 1 1 2 0 0 0 0 5 9 2       Home runs, Hagy and Jordan       Triple, 8175.       Doubles, Charley, Lefty, Williamsport and Morgan.       Umpire, Mac.       Cooks 6—Bakers 4       The Cooks put another crimp in the Bakers aspirations as leaders of the culinary department, when they again defeated the latter by the score of 6—4.       Big John for the Bakers, fanned 7 and passed 3.       Banks twirled for the Cooks fanning 5 and walking 2.       Jacoby and Jim fielded well for the Bakers while Big sill and Morgan did the honors for the Cooks.       Umpire—Mack.       Wednesday’s    Games Cubs 10—Shed 3       In a farcical contest the Cubs assaulted the apathetic Sheds 10 runs to 3.       The Shed team was a bit wabbly in the field and were credited with several misplays.      Bobby pitched a strong game for the Cubs, fanning 7, walking 1 and 2 hit by pitched ball. Blackie was wild and lad poor support; he fanned 2 and issued 7 passes.       Bank’s home run and the fielding of Taylor and Albie featured the game.       Score by innings as follows:       R. H. E. Cubs 2 4 1 2 1 0 0 0—10 6 0 Shed 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 0—3 3 3      (Continued on fourth page) 
