---
title: Voters Show Sentiment
author: Unknown
issue: 7
volume: 6
year: 1916
month: 23
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
VOTERS SHOW SENTIMENT       A New York paper recently published a statement which emphasized the poor opinion in which the liquor license system is held by the voters of that state. Wherever they had an opportunity at the polls to strike at the saloon they gave decisive evidence against it by their votes; which would indicate the general disapproval of the present license system.       It would seem that a better understanding of the deep-seated opposition to the liquor traffic was evinced where the voters were not interfered with the distillery interests, in the showing of results at the polls. That is why we believe the future of the liquor interests appear to be in peril of drastic legislation at an early date.      According to the figures published by the New York excise department, the results of the elections held in the various towns on November last, and in March 1916, shows that 595 hotels and saloons, 31 bottle-houses and 47 wet drug stores will pass out of business after October 1, this year. Surely that is a good showing for one of the wettest states in the Union, where they have so poor a weapon as the Raines law with which to protect themselves against the insidious inroads of the liquor traffic. That law is well known to be at best but a mere subterfuge to legally run an open house.       If, as, has been claimed in the past, so much good as been accomplished over former conditions, by so weak an instrument of protection, what great good could be accomplished by real modern liquor regulation, if the test was made by a direct vote on that issue, by the people?

