---
title: “The Price Of A Drink”
author: Pollard, Josephine
issue: 7
volume: 6
year: 1916
month: 23
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
“THE PRICE OF A DRINK”    By Josephine Pollard       “Five cents a glass!’ Does any one think    That is really the price of a drink?    “Five cents a glass.” I hear you say,    “Why that isn’t very much to pay.”       Oh, no indeed; ’tis a very small sum    You are passing over with finger and thumb,    And if that were all that gave away    It wouldn’t be very much to pay.       “Five cents a glass!’? How Satan laughed    As over the bar the young man quaffed    The beaded liquor, for the demon knew    The terrible work that drink would do:    And before morning the victim lay,    With his lifeblood ebbing swiftly away.    And that was the price he paid, alas!    For the pleasure of taking a social glass.       The price of drink! If you want to know    What some are willing to pay for it go    Through the wretched tenement over there    With dingy windows and broken stair:    Where foul diease like vampires crawl    With outstretched wings o’er moldy wall.    There poverty dwells with her hungry brood,    Wild-eyed as demons, for lack of food;    There shame in a corner crouches low;    There violence deals its cruel blow;    And innocent ones are thus accursed,    To pay the price of another’s thirst.       “Five cents a glass!” O, if that were all,    The sacrifice would, indeed be small!    But the money’s worth is the least amount    We pay, and whoever will keep account.    Will learn the terrible waste and blight    That follows the ruinous appetite.    “Five cents a glass!” Does any one think    This is really the price of a drink?”      Printed by special request    




