---
title: U.S. Consulate Burned By Mexican Mob
author: Unknown
issue: 14
volume: 6
year: 1916
month: 24
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
U.S. CONSULATE BURNED BY MEXICAN MOB   American Flag Torn and Dragged Through the Dirt in Durango City      From El Paso, Tex., it is reported the American Consulate at Durango City Durango, was destroyed by a fire during anti-American demonstrations, according to information received here by army officers. The rioters applied a torch to the building after dragging the flag through the filthy streets.       Three anti-American riots were held in Chihuahua City, in protest against the continued presence of United States troops in Mexico, and to prepare “to defend the city and State against invasion,” according to American and German refuges arriving at the border in automobiles to escape assassination.      They reported that three Mexicans had been killed while leading a mob that started to break into the home of an American resident of Chihuahua. It is not known whether or not the American was killed or made his escape.       Details of rioting have been verified by British Vice Consul Scobell, acting American Consul in the absence of Consul Letcher, who is in Washington, for a conference. The mob tore the American coat-of-arms from over the door of the American Consulate, which is attacked each night, until destroyed by fire. The mob also stoned and destroyed a number of American homes, which had been closed when the occupants left for the border some time ago.       The present situation looks very dangerous and Americans are leaving for the border in steadily increasing numbers. Under previous instructions, State Department agents in Mexico are giving every possible aid.       Orders have been issued to send 1500 additional regular troops to the Mexican border in consequence of the rapid spread of anti-American feeling which continues all through northern Mexico, and it is officially admitted that there is a growing alarm over the seriousness of the situation. 
