---
title: Hughes and Fairbanks Receive Republican Nomination
author: Unknown
issue: 14
volume: 6
year: 1916
month: 24
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HUGHES AND FAIRBANKS RECEIVE REPUBLICAN NOMINATION      Supreme Court Justice, Charles E. Hughes, of New York, was nominated for the Presidency by the Republican National Convention at Chicago, on Saturday last, when the third ballot was taken. Mr. Hughes received 949½ votes out of the possible 947.      For Vice President, the choice fell to Charles W, Fairbanks, of Indiana, with a vote of 863.      From all accounts it seems to have been a regular landslide for Hughes and Fairbanks, begining about noon on the day of nomination, and lasting for three quarters of an hour.      An unusual condition seemed to prevail on this occasion, as it is customary for the winning candidates to receive an ovation of uncontrollable cheering, but this time there was none. The situation was unique for a political convention.       Mr. Hughes immediately tendered his resignation as associate Justice of the Supreme Court, on receiving notification of the nomination for the presidency.      Speaking of Mr. Hughes, Ex-President Taft says: “he is the highest type of an American citizen, a statesman, a scholar, a man of umspotted reputation and an eminently proper and well fitted man for the high office to which he has been nominated.       Charles W. Fairbanks is well known to the American public and will be a strong running mate of Mr. Hughes. It seems to be the forgone conclusion of many that Hughes and Fairbanks are most certain to be elected this fall.  

