---
title: Interesting Information
author: Unknown
issue: 14
volume: 6
year: 1916
month: 24
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
INTERESTING INFORMATION      An archaeologist has been digging up prehistoric dental tools and teeth with fillings of pulverized stone and asphalt along the coast of Southern California. As that Preacher who was King over Jerusalem put it, there is no new thing under the sun.       What is said to be the largest searchlight in the world was recently tried out at the New York navy yard before a number of army and navy officers. The powerful rays are said to have an effective range of over 10 miles. The lens is five feet in diameter.      An explosion which occurred in a house in this city, some time ago, tore the whole front away and threw Lewis Padulo, the owner, 15 feet into the street. The building had been vacant for some time and Padulo was repairing it for his bride. An accumulation of gas in the house is thought to have caused the accident.       A popular scientific journal announces that Dr. Just, the Budapest chemist who invented the tungsten filament lamp, has recently discovered an electric cell, with iron and carbon electrodes and an electrolyte composed of an organic substance, which renews its vigor completely in a short time from the oxygen of the air If this invention proves to be practical it is said that it will completely revolutionize a branch of the electrical industry.      While in her father’s office looking over some pictures of men wanted by the law, Opal Hartzell, six-yea-old daughter of the sheriff of Anaconda, Mont., identified one of the photos as that of a man who she was used to seeing every day. When confronted with the charge against him the man admitted his identity. The little girl will not receive a $50 reward which was offered for the man’s capture.      We learn that one of the battleship has aboard an automobile for the use of the officers in making their official and social calls. The car is said to belong to the captain who claims it to be a great convenience. Now the officers of other warships in the navy are wondering if it would not be feasible equip every sea going vessel with a serviceable automobile for their use when in port.      While playing near the mouth of a mine in Hazleton, Pa., Ella Chapiro, a six-year-old girl, fell down the shaft which was 150 feet deep. Her clothing caught on some old timbers that projected from the side of the shaft about a third of the way down, and held her suspended in midair. Her playmates soon secured help and after difficult manoeuvering she was hauled to the surface, alive and without serious injuries.    

