---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7819
issue: 14
volume: 6
year: 1916
month: 24
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES       Despite the threatening weather the First Section of the H. and F. Club were able to enjoy their afternoon outing on Saturday last. The usual parade around the institution preceeded the ball game, the first block is credited with making the best showing in line, their regular marching being remarked upon. The most notable feature of the parade was the dividing of the large E. S. P. band into two smaller bands, this is an excellent idea, both bands furnished good music the one under the direction of Professor Wiegandt and the other under the direction of B 6765, good work Jack; keep it up. The ball game was not the only interesting feature of the afternoon, as B 6252, not to be outdone, surprised the boys by having the very able, and well trained, orchestra under his direction on the job, and on a stand erected especially for the purpose, at the end of the sixth block, they rendered a fine musical program, a cornet solo by B 6765 and a vocal selection by B 7962 were loudly applauded. Our worthy Chaplain Joseph Welch was present and was an interested listener, his presence was appreciated by both the officers and members of the club and they extend to him a sincere and hearty welcome to be present with them whenever possible and they take this opportunity of thanking him for having the Orchestral programs printed and for his many past favors. The members of the H. F. C. ball team are expected to fall in line at the close of the game the same as other members. We also desire to call the attention of members. We also desire to call the attention of members whose block or gallery is not out, and also of non-members not at all. The rules governing the club and its members will be strictly enforced, no matter who the party may be. Let this be sufficient for all club members and non-members alike. Do not get sore or narrow minded; acquiesce in the rules and avoid trouble for the benefit of all. The party who removed a bat, the property of the H. F. C. team, is asked to kindly return it, we feel it was taken by mistake and its prompt return will be satisfactory. If it is not returned with a reasonable excuse and as the bat is known as well as the party having it in his possession will forfeit his membership and all privileges unless returned in a reasonable length of time. Next Saturday the Second Section made up of the 3rd, 4th, 5th, 7th, 9th blocks and 5th and 7th galleries will go out, and with two bands baseball and orchestra a good time is promised.       Rep. Del. B 7819—5602   


