---
title: Imposing Catholic Services At  The Chapel
author: Unknown
issue: 21
volume: 6
year: 1916
month: 25
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
IMPOSING CATHOLIC SERVICES AT THE CHAPEL      The celebration of Catholic Mass at the E. S. P. Chapel on Sunday last, will be pleasantly remembered by those in attendance, for the musical excellence of the singing of the visiting talent and choir, and the fine instrumental effects of the orchestra under the able direction of Professor Joseph Welsh. Verdi’s musical gem, Jesu Dei Viri, was sung by a quartette composed of Mrs. Katharine Slack, Mrs. Mary Voellker, Mr. John Simpson and Mr. James King, the rendition being rarely perfect in fine tonal quality and splendid blending of voices. Salva Maria, by Marzo was also rendered in an equally delightful manner, well calculated to hold the assemblage in rapt attention. Mrs. K. Slack and Messrs King and Simpson composing the trio.      Miss Marguerite Marie Marshall, who has assisted the choir on former occassions, was also present and sang O Salutarius, with that clear articulation and sweetness of tonal quality so pleasing to lovers of the beautiful in music.      The altar was ornate with candelabra and a profusion of beautiful flowers which added greatly to the imposing splendor of the service.       Owing to the absence of the Rev. Father Micheal A. O’Kane S. J.       A delegation of members of the American Society for Visiting Catholic Prisoners, was present at the services, as were also a number of others, making a total of over seven hundred, including the inmate members of the church.    
