---
title: Interesting Information
author: Unknown
issue: 21
volume: 6
year: 1916
month: 25
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
INTERESTING INFORMATION       A new submarine, the L-11, was christened at Quincy, Mass., a few days ago by Miss Mary Latimer, daughter of Capt. Julian Latimer, U. S. N. The submarine is one of the largest underwater boats in the U. S. navy, being 170 feet long and having a cruising radius of 5,500 miles.       Besides growing white grapes on red grape vines and vice versa, H. R. Hobson, of Long Beach, Calif., has succeeded in making Concord grapes grow on a fig tree. This he considers his crowning accomplishment. His orchard is a small one but he spends considerable time in caring for it, training the trees to grow all sorts of odd ways.       According to a recent report from Rome, the white and yellow Papal flag is to wave for the first time on the ocean. Monsignor Locatelli, the Papal Internuncio at Buenos Aires, having been transferred to Brussels, were he will be Nuncio, desiring to insure his safety while at sea, has chartered a steamer which will be called the “Nuncius,” and will carry the Papal colors as those of a neutral power.       Cole Younger, ex-convict and former member of the James outlaw band died at his boyhood home, Lees Summit, Mo. He was the last of the notorious robber band _ which stole enough in its career to net its members $100, 000 apiece. After having spent his earlier days as a criminal, Younger joined a church after he was released from prison, and continued a devout Christian until the time of his death.       While waiting on a customer, a decorator in a millinery shop in Atlantic City, N. J., reached into a drawer behind the counter. She felt something grasp her tightly by the arm which she quickly withdrew, bringing out a huge snake coiled about the wrist. Overcome by the shock, she fainted. The customer rushed into the street calling for help but no one dared touch the reptile until a policeman came and removed it from the girl’s arm The snake belonged to a high school fraternity which used it for initiative purposes.       The annual report of the district attorney of New York county, N. Y., shows that during the year 1915, some 2,480 single men and 1,240 married men were arraigned ‘in the criminal courts. The report also shows that about 70 per cent of the male criminals arraigned in the past 10 years were bachelors. These figures would seem to indicate that marriage is conductive to good behavior in the male of the specie. More crimes were committed by men between the ages of 21 and 30 than by those of any other ages, the figures show.           

