---
title: Won His Own Pardon
author: Unknown
issue: 28
volume: 6
year: 1916
month: 26
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WON HIS OWN PARDON       Some time ago, a man was sent to the county prison of a western state for passing worthless checks. Within the institution grounds there was a chapel, barren and forbidding. The prisoner noticed this, and asked for the privilege of adorning the walls of the building in a suitable manner. Permission was granted, and a deputy-sheriff bought the required supplies from his own slender income. Shortly after the work was finished the local Board of Parole held its meeting in the sheriffs office. When the last application for parole had been passed upon and the board was about to adjourn, the sheriff entered the office and said: “Gentleman, I have one more application for your consideration before you leave. If you will please follow me,I will show you something worthy of your attention.” They proceeded with him to the newly decorated chapel, the interior of which had been transformed from gloom to a finely decorated room, finished in most beautiful colors and sacred designs.       The impression on the board may be imagined, when they unanimously voted the prisoner’s immediate release.       The ability of the decorator and his evident fondness for the beautiful, had found a ready response in the hearts of the prison inspectors.       It is a pleasure to note the sympathetic action of the men constituting the board of parol, as being worthy of commendation.       Let us hope that this good example may be followed by other prison administrative bodies in the future.    
