---
title: Interesting Information
author: Unknown
issue: 28
volume: 6
year: 1916
month: 26
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
INTERESTING INFORMATIONWild hogs, called “jabalis” by the natives, are used as watchdogs in some parts of Mexico. If caught young and brought up with goats they follow the herds into the hills and protect them from coyotes and other wild animals, and if raised with chickens they fight to protect them. They are said to be as good as any watchdog about the house, and can be trained to follow their master just like a dog. A world’s record in the construction of blast furnaces was shattered when the Cambria Steel Company, now owned by the Midvale Steel Company, blew in its latest plant, known as No. 9. The torch was lighted by Miss Jane Ogden, daughter of John C. Ogden, superintendent of the mechanical department of the Cambria Steel Company. The time consumed in the construction of the furnace was 85 days. The previous best record was 132 days.Signor Marconi, inventor of the Marconi wireless system, is planning to try out his latest invention with which he will attempt to send wireless messages to airships flying at various heights. The Italian scientist is confident that his new invention will prove a suceess and predicts through it a marked advance in the effectiveness of aircraft in war and in ordinary commercial use. Secretary of the Interior Lane, officiated at ceremonies held recently in Yankton, S. Dak., in which 186 Sioux Indians publicly renounced the faith of their ancestors and took the oath of allegiance to the United States. Each Indian was given an arrow which he shot into the air signifying that he would never want it again. Then each grasped the handle of a plow, thus showing his willingness to accede to modern civilization. After two years of suffering from dyspepsia and various other digestive disorders, William Richards, a Stockton, Pa., man, submitted to an x-ray examination to determine, if possible, the cause of the trouble. The examination revealed two silver forks and a teaspoon inside his stomach, the walls of which had grown thick and leathery from being much inflamed. It is thought that Richards swallowed the cutlery when in a delirious state. Army officials are favorably regarding the innovations of railway dreadnoughts, one of the latest inventions brought out for national defense. The affair consists of a heavy steel car made so that it can be firmly fixed on a concrete base, where it would be used as a mount for big guns. The fact that it can be quickly moved to any point of defense is its chiefest asset, officials say. Congressman Vapstick, of N. J., has asked congress to appropriate $10, 000,090 toward providing the government with a number of them. 
