---
title: “The Prisoner’s Address To His Mother.”
author: Printed By Request
issue: 28
volume: 6
year: 1916
month: 26
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
“THE PRISONER'S ADDRESS TO HIS MOTHER.”       I’ve wondered far from thee, mother;    Far from our happy home.    I’ve left the land that gave me birth,    In other lands to roam;    And time since then has rolled his years,    And marked them on my brow.    Yet still I’ve often thought of thee;    I’m thinking of thee now.       I’m thinking of those days, mother,    When with such earnest pride    You watched the dawings of my youth    And pressed me to your side;    And memory brings thy parting words    When tears fell o’er thy cheek,    But thy last loving, anxious look    Told more than words could speak.      I’m far away from thee mother,    No kindred near me now    To soothe me with a tender work—    Or cool my burning brow.    The dearest ties affection wove    All are now torn from me.    They left me when the trouble came,    They did not love like thee.       I know thy tender heart, mother,    Still beats as warm for me    As when | left thee long ago    To cross the broad deep blue sea.    And I love thee just the same, mother,    And long to hear thee speak,    And feel, once more, thy balmy breath    Upon my careworn cheek.       And, O! there is a thought, mother,    Pervades my beating breast,    That thy freed spirit may have flown    To its eternal rest. And as I wipe the tears away    There wispers in mine ear    A voice that speaks of Heaven and thee,    And bids me seek thee there.       Printed by special request    




