---
title: Situation Serious But Will Try To Avoid War
author: Unknown
issue: 5
volume: 7
year: 1916
month: 26
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
SITUATION SERIOUS BUT WILL TRY TO AVOID WAR    President Wilson Willing to Make Every Effort to Avoid a Break With Mexico—Business Interests Intercede       There is no mitigation in the critical relations between the United States and Mexico, although the chances for an immediate clash of arms is not so imminent as they were a few days ago.       The Mexican Government’s attitude toward the United States, continues to be studiously offensive in every way and positively denies the right of U. S. troops to remain in Mexico; hurling the most scurrilous epithets at the American Government officials, and impugning the honor of our army officers, in their correspondence with Washington.       Private advices from Mexico City, declare that a break in relations is unavoidable However offensive and objectionable the language employed by the Carranza Government, it is not upon words but action, that the real crisis between this country and Mexico now pivots.       War with Mexico means the removal from the United States of practically every soldier. Even the coast defense stations have been stripped of nearly all their garrisons for Mexican service. This fact has aroused the heads of a number of the leading corporations to a realization that in the event of labor trouble, there would be no military forces at hand to suppress disorder. For that reason a strong appeal has been made to President Wilson to avert war with Mexico, if possible.       There is growing evidence that President Wilson will go to great lengths to prevent a general state of war with Mexico. At no time has he so much as hinted in his official papers at any intention beyond the protection of the American border from attack, and the capture of Villa. His present demands on Carranza, taken in conjunction with the unofficial statements of the future plans of the Administration, would seem not to be hard for the First Chief to accede to.       The scheme of the President now is stated to be the establishment of a safety zone south of the border, which would be patroled by American troops, with entire freedom of movement, east and west from their present positions.    

