---
title: Interesting Information
author: Unknown
issue: 5
volume: 7
year: 1916
month: 26
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
INTERESTING INFORMATION       Albert Geromine, a Swiss, is now believed to hold the world's record for ski-jumping, having made a jump of 167.32 feet recently.        It is said that an iron ship weighs 27 per cent less than a wooden one of the same dimensions, and when loaded to the same depth will carry 15 per cent more cargo than the wooden vessel.       Miss Mary Minter, of New York, recently purchased a 124-horsepower war aeroplane which the expects to use in carrying dispatches should this country become involved in war. She says she will also use it to fight the enemy should they come too close.       Chester Davenport, of Sioux City, Ia.,recently underwent a dual operation in which a portion of one of his ribs was removed and substituted for the nasal arch, which was broken some thee years before. Both wounds are healing satisfactorily, it is said.        What is believed to be the longest interuban electric railway line in the United States without change of cars has recently been completed between Zanesville, O., and Indianapolis, Ind. The distance is 250 miles and the running time a little less than nine hours.       Reports from Panama say that a bitter anti-American feeling is in evidence in all the republics of Central America, on account of the present Mexican situation. The natives are said to be discussing a combined offensive against the United States in case it intervenes in Mexico.       An amendment to the Porto Rican citizenship bill, giving the right of franchise to women of the island, was stricken out when the measure was voted on by the house recently. The bill, itself, makes the people of Porto Rico, citizens of the United States; it passed by a large majority.       The Academy of Medicine in Paris has specifically warned soldiers in the French army against the use of alcohol, pointing out that the common beliefs that alcohol gives strength, stimulates the appetite and aids digestion are erroneous and that alcohol is really much more harmful than users themselves can appreciate.       There are over 250,000 miles of steam railroads in the United States, employing a total of about 1,750,000 men. According to a recent statement of William Sproule, president of the Southern Pacific road, about 600,00 shareholders own these railroads. These people, he says, if lined up along the routes, would stand about 700 yards apart.    




