---
title: Honor Club Notes
author: B-7819
issue: 5
volume: 7
year: 1916
month: 26
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES       The 2nd Section had the pleasure of another half holiday and a parade. Led by the color bearers ane club officers, followed the band No. 2 led by B 6765 and heading the Section came the 7 B. with the other Blocks, following Prof. Wiegandt and Band No. 1 were in the Centre of the parade and furnished the music. The music furnished by both bands is deserving of great credit and is appreciated that goes without saying. After breaking ranks the boys then sought places of advantage to see the game and hear the Orchestra on the lawn. One of the best programs, thus far, was rendered by the orchestra, by our able leader, Prof. Wiegandt and enjoyed by Our Worthy Chaplain Joesph Welsh, Mrs. Ruben C. McKenty and friends and the members of The Choo, Choo, stunt, by Peg, the Auctioneer by Whitey and several vocal selections were added attraction, enjoyed by all.      Now that the summer days are here and their inducements are many as well as splendid why not enjoy them. The good blessed Sunhine, the sweet breathing of fresh air and the recreation of the out-of-door exercise, which keeps every man, woman and child in the best of health. The exercise you receive by marching twice, around the grounds are healthful and invigorating. Health is wealth and being able to eat a piece of bread and enjoy it, its far better than the service of a doctor. Now get the spirit move lively, and when you march on Saturday, step lively and try and keep in step with the music. Let the world know you can step and walk, don’t fear a manly bearing, it is a credit to yourself, no matter where you are. You have the best possible advantage at the present time, plenty of fine music and all can hear it, so brave up and keep in step. Get ‘a Soldier step and bearing and you will become more proficient day by day. The great privilge of being out two Saturday afternoons to a section, can be used to a great advantage by all.       The more perfect you are physically, the quarter will be your mental efficiency, to say nothing of your health, which is after all, the most important of all. The greatest creation is man and the greatest in man is his mind. Why not make use of your mind to its best advantage in securing and absorbing knowledge that will some time or other be a benefit and a credit to yourself. A man’s body is not only his house to dwell in, it is his tool and should be his servant, may be his friend, but, oft times is his worst enemy; ease your muscles, and straighten up and you can assume an attitude that will become a habit. This will increase you self respect and also your confidence. Try it ‘and see, it does not cost a cent, and only requires a small effort on you part. The world will seek your services but not if you intend to slink and stumble along. Put the threads of you broken life together and start again and make a clean start. Avoid temptation as you would a snake in the grass; as it will mean your dropping again and loosing all you have tried to gain. This Sat. July-8th the 1 Sect. will be out as follow. 1 B—6 B— 6 G— 8 B—10 B—11 B—12 B—12 B-1 G— 2rd—3rd G.—Don't smoke in line, leaving Block or parading.—Rep. Del.—B 7819—B 5602  




