---
title: President Makes Concessions To Carranza
author: Unknown
issue: 12
volume: 7
year: 1916
month: 27
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
PRESIDENT MAKES CONCESSIONS TO CARRANZA    Government Officials Await Curranza’s Action— Villa Said to be Alive, Threating General Pershing’s Troops— “Mexicans Delighted at Wilson’s Back Down       A late Washington dispatch state that President Wilson and Secretary Lansing are again marking time in the Mexican situation, awaiting a response to the American note accepting the Carranza offer for direct negotiations in an effort to adjust the controversy. No diplomatic step will be taken until the Carranza Government’s reply has been _ received. Whether any new military step will be taken -depends on developments along the border and is purely a military matter for the consideration of the army authorities.       State Department officials believe more can be accomplished through informal conference between Eliseo Arredondo, Mexican Ambassador-designate, and Frank L. Polk, acting Secretary of State, than by a more formal interchange of views. They are willing to accede, however, to. some other plan should the de facto Government propose it.       The definition of the boarder dispute submitted by General Carranza in his note suggesting negotiations for a settlement has been found acceptable by the Washington Government. This virtually narrows the immediate object of the negotitations to consideration of the “reasonable” anxiety-of the United States for the security of its frontier, on the one hand and the demand of the de facto Government for early withdrawal of American troops from Mexico, on the other.       Generals Funston and Pershing have been made fully aware of the constant danger of. another bandit attack being attempted along the border, and that the Villa force which defeated a Carranza column at Corralitos several days ago is reported to be heading northeastward over the Chihuahua desert toward Ojinaga or Bouquillas.       No official here now doubts that Villa is alive. From a dozen creditable sources since Monday information has been received indicating that Villa was operating in the valley of the Rio Florida, which swings from the southwest south and east of Parral.       The note of Secretary Lansing, accepting the proposals of General Carranza to resort to diplomacy for the settlement of the differences between Mexico and the United States, was received with jubilation in Mexico City.      


