---
title: Interesting Information
author: Unknown
issue: 12
volume: 7
year: 1916
month: 27
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
INTERESTING INFORMATION      It is reported that a red-hot meteor which fell near York, Pa., a few nights ago singed trees and shrubbery on lawns in nearby section of the city.       A patent has recently been granted for a fuisable insulating and filling material for electrical purposes, which is to be sold in powdered form. It is said to consist mainly of gypsum and rosin.      As a demonstration of their efficiency, a corps of U. S. army engineers recently constructed a pontoon bridge, consisting of seven 20 ft. bays, across a river near Ft. Leavenworth, in fourteen and one half minutes.      A bitt has been passed by the senate prohibiting the sale of intoxicating liquors in any national park or forest reserve. It is designed to include hotels and camps, which has hitherto had the privilege of selling liquors to guests, though no saloons were permitted.         One of the greatest preparedness demonstrations ever held in the country was witnessed a few days ago in Chicago, Ill., where over 130,000 persons took part in a parade which continued for more than 11 hours. About one-sixth of the marchers were women.      The Oklahoma, the latest oil burning superdreadnought added to the U. S. navy, was recently launched at the Philadelphia navy yard. The vessel carries 10 14-inch guns, has a displacement of about 27,500 tons and develops a speed of more than 20 knots an hour. It costs about $7,000,000.      What is thought to be the longest distance wireless message yet received was reported by the steamship Ventura, recently arrived at Sidney, New South Wales. While en route from San Francisco, Calif., a message was picked up from Tuckerton, N. J., officials say, at a point 9,000 miles away.       A new type of gun, muzzle loading but firing automatically, is being commonly used by the British fighting in the trenches in France. A cartridge in the base of the shell explodes when the shell is dropped into the gun, and sets off the charge. By means of an ingenious loading and ejecting device the gun can be fired with great rapidity.       Chief Iron Tail, and aged Indian who for many years traveled with wild-west shows, died recently near Fort Wayne, Ind. So strikingly characteristics of the Indian race were this man’s features that officials in Washington persuaded him one time to pose for a drawing from which the design used in coining buffalo nickels was prepared. 
