---
title: Inside Jingles
author: Unknown
issue: 6
volume: 12
year: 1916
month: 50
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
INSIDE JINGLES    The printers are busily engaged on the annual report and various other work.       Who’s the gent upon the 12th Gallery who does manicuring at reasonable prices?       Several of the new shoe machines have already been installed. They are of the very latest type.       “Eddie,” Sixth Gallery turnkey, reads the Afro-American Journal. He likes to keep posted on the dark side of life.       Judging from the financial standing of the inmates in general, the coming Christmas will be the leanest in several years past. A little of the outside prosperity would be welcome within the walls.       With the coming of cold weather the exciting pastime of checkers and chess has given place to less strenuous pursuits. The Stonepile Club has virtually abandoned its familiar rendezvous and has been scattered here any there, as it were. Its jovial president, “Mazoo Bill,” is now busily engaged in embroidering ladies’ handkerchiefs.       After last Thursday’s mad carouse of eating and deluge of music, we await with impatience the coming of Christmas.       The dinner—Ah! the dinner—how can one describe it? First came nature’s most practical fruit, viz., apples, served fresh from the orchards of South St., Phila. Following these came the surprise of the day, roast beef (disguised as frankfurters) flanked by a heaping dish of turnips and mashed potatoes. What made it doubly desirable was the rumor that the “doggies” had been shipped over from Germany on the submarine merchant vessel “Deutschland.”       During the afternoon Professor Wiegandt’s Hungarian Symphony Orchestra dispensed glad music to the unseen multitude. Many visitors on the Center, including some very attractive young ladies, made it easier for our aspiring musicians to render the difficult program in a very finished and almost perfect manner. Professor Wiegandt has worked hard to bring the orchestra up to its present high standard and he certainly deserves our thanks for it.       Charlie, the Center runner, will call again on all blocks with the articles from the Second Block, commencing December 18th.
