---
title: Year in Brief for 1916
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
Year in Brief for 1916      The Umpire   Editor: B-7413   Year in 1916      The Umpire as a Whole   The Umpire resembled more of a professional newspaper than when it first started in 1913. In each issue on the second page, there was a record of the prison population along with the last recorded inmate number. Many articles reported national and local news, as well as other informational bits. There were quite a few articles about US troops being stationed along the border of Mexico, more so then about World War I. The articles about WWI were more about the technological advances then the livelihood of the soldiers (contrasted to those of 1917 when the US was in the war). Articles about penology and other prisons were more frequent; the most notable being articles about Sing, Sing. The newspaper actually had an article reporting an escape attempt (Unique ID 933). There were still sections that spoke directly towards the inmates. For example, there were multiple articles in Italian speaking only to the Italian population at ESP. There was also an article that explained the exact purpose of the King’s Daughters, which is as follows: “to bring cheer and courage into lives that are of necessity for a time cut off from comradeship with the outer world” (1113). Moreover, three sections of the newspaper that were about the intimate going-ons of the prison. “In Lighter Vein” was published fifteen times from January 5th to March 15th and was a list of humorous and fictional conversations. “Just Mere Mention” was published seventeen times from February 2nd to May 24th and was a collection of quotes and anecdotes from newsworthy people. “Inside Jingles’ was published nine times from October 4th to December 6th and were conversations that were overheard at ESP.         Baseball   The managers of the several teams of the “Eastern State Penitentiary Base Ball League” (ESPBB League) met in early February to organize for the 1916 season. B-8010 was elected president of the Base Ball Commission. A schedule of 72 games was drawn up and adopted. The managers of the teams were B-5881, the Ninth; B-6453, the Cubs; B-7166, the Shed; B-7685, the Printers (1016). The baseball season started on Wednesday April 12th and the last recorded game was on Friday October 6th (1198). The Honor and Friendship Club also had a league of their own: teams from the cellblocks would play each other during their weekly outings (1264).      Honor and Friendship Club   The Honor and Friendship Club (HFC) was still a new organization at the prison in 1916. The title of their section in the paper changed three times before settling on “Honor Club Notes.” It was previously “H. & F. Club Notes,” “H. & F. Club News,” and “Friendship. The HFC’s Entertainment Committee organized the entertainment portion of the Club’s weekly events (870). Until 1917, the inmates performed all of the entertainment for the Club. Inmates auditioned for the committee, and if selected, were allowed to perform for six weeks, so that all of the HFC could see the routines (996). In the cooler months, tickets were distributed to the inmate members that were permitted to participate in the activities. It can be inferred that HFC meetings were held in the Chapel on the Saturdays when the weather was not conducive to outdoor activity (1221).    The officers for the HFC in 1916 were Reuben C. McKenty, President; B-6447, Vice President; B-6393, Secretary; and B-6689, Treasurer (848). Throughout the year, inmates B-7927 and inmate A-8432 wrote the summaries of Club meeting for the Umpire. On April 29, 1916, inmate A-8432 was made the Vice-President and inmate B-6252 led the HFC Orchestra as its musical director (1221, 968). The Notes were kept relatively short but they did progress in length, from being a paragraph into a full column. The editor noted that “The Umpire ‘Ad’ Column” would have to be shorter due to the demand for longer Honor Club Notes, which are seen in 1917 (2000).   


