---
title: Wednesday’s Games: Cubs 7--Printers 2
author: Unknown
issue: 24
volume: 5
year: 1916
month: 21
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BALL GAMES OF THE WEEKWednesday’s GamesNinth 5—Shed 1The Ninth won from the Shed by the score of 5—1, in a nine inning game played in the record time of fifty minutes.Mac seemed to  have the Shed batters mystified with his shoots, having 12 strike outs, allowing only two hits.John was on the mound for the Shed and was touched for 7 hits and had 6 strike outs. Morgan played a brilliant game in the field and scored the Sheds only run when he hit for two bases and came home on a wild throw by Mac. Score by innings as follows:R. H. E. Shed 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0—1 2 1 Ninth 2 0 0 1 0 0 2 0—5 8 1Doubles—Charley; Williamsport; Morgan.Umpires—7876 and Collins.Cubs 7—Printers 2 With Boyd holding the league leaders to 4 hit, the Cubs easily defeated the Printers at the Garage grounds, 7—2.Boyd pitched for the winners, and showed splendid form, struck out 8 and walked 4. Slats, was ineffective allowing 8 hits fanned 5 and passed 6.The Cubs put up a splendid contest, fielding brilliantly and doing some timely hitting.Jacoby fielded well for the Printers, while Barney featured well for the Printers, while Barney featured the game with two fine catches in deep center. Walter, Taylor and Jordan led at bat for the Cubs, the latter getting a home run in the third stanza.Score by innings as follows:R. H. E. Printers 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0—2 4 1 Cubs 2 0 0 0 1 2 0 2—7 8 1Home Run—Jore.Doubles—Taylor; Pidge; Hagy; Walter.Umpires—Mack and Marty.
