---
title: Uplift for Others
author: Unknown
issue: 5
volume: 1
year: 1916
month: 1
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
UPLIFT FOR OTHERS    Among the many men of my acquaintance in the past, there was one man who has always loomed up before me with a distinct vividness. When he saw a kind act, or heard an elevating thought expressed, or noted a charitable deed, he was quick to express his commendation either by letter or in person. To one who has been so fortunate as to receive words of cheer or encouragement from this warm-hearted man the occasion is not to be forgotten for many a day, if ever. This leads to an introspection of our own frailties and brusqueness, and to cogitate whether this inspiring habit of dropping words of good cheer. isn’t a habit worthy of emulation?       Perhaps you may have a real or imaginary grievance against another, and feel that you are justified in giving him all that’s coming to him, and that there is no chance for an excuse in favor of the other fellow for his attitude toward you. Perhaps you may. feel that it is up to you to show him what you think of him and express it in words that are more forceful than elegant.    Admitting that there are occasions when it would be almost cowardly to hold in, yet in most cases it is best to “count fifty,” or “to sleep on it,” before making reply. Many a sharp or cutting retort has been made, or a violent encounter has taken place, simply because of the lack of a little careful thought. Be that as it may. Is it not better to stop, look and wait for a second thought within the mind than to say an irretrievable word, or at commit an irrevocable act for which you will be sorry all the days of your life? If you think you are justified in making a stinging rebuke to another for the-relief of your grievance, do not air your troubles publicly, but go and see the individual who has aroused the spirit of resentment and. have it out with him. Don't talk it over with Tom, Dick, or Harry, who don't care a fiddle string about your troubles, unless it is to spread the gossip.       We remember something about “a soft answer that turneth away wrath.” Would it not be just as well to take heed in this wise and save the after heart burning? Surely! But there are many people in the world who hold to a grudge, and throw diplomacy to the winds. To such, words of caution are a waste of breath. Believing that it is wise to still the song of hate, would it not be well to find another and better substitute? Are we not blessed by the glowing presence of those who bring into our lives comfort and cheer?       It is doubtful if there is anyone who doesn’t want to hear words of encouragement and cheer at some time in their lives, and generally most people want all the brightness, ail the good nature and cheer of life that can be had. Such are always grateful to the bringers of joy in whose presence there is no sting of sarcasm or meanness. They look for encouragement. They want to be made to think that they still have a chance in life no matter how barren of results they may have been in the past.       At no time has the world been more in need than now, of those who can uplift and inspire others instead of those who decry and discourage. This is a world of imperfections and there are countless leakages and slacknesses to be corrected, and it is a real service to go to work with good heart. and care to point them out, and to correct them if possible. It shows a mean spirit to be always on the lookout for trouble instead of the better and nobler aims in life. “If a man _ would be held in grateful remembrance for a while, let him—shutting his eyes as tight as he pleases to the bauble of fame—be kindly and human and look for all the wonderful goodness that still lives in the world, and learn to give an understanding sympathy that is infinitely greater than all the gold of Ophir and as strong as the wind and the sea.” 


