---
title: "Governor Witman Asks for Riley’s Resignation: Superintendent of Prisons Says He Will Not Resign. The Position Has Been Offered to Gen’l Theo. A. Bingham"
author: Unknown
issue: 12
volume: 1
year: 1916
month: 2
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
GOVERNOR WHITMAN ASKS FOR RILEY’S RESIGNATION Superintendent of Prisons Says He Will Not Resign. The Position Has Been Offered to Gen’l Theo. A. Bingham At last public opinion has impressed Governor Whitman with the necessity of taking a hand in the Osborne frame up, and he has asked John R. Riley, State Superintendent of Prisons, for his resignation. The Superintendent says he will not resign. At least that was his attitude when he left N. Y. city the other day, accompanied by his confidential agent, P. H. McDonald, and George Weed, his chief clerk. Riley now claims that he has been made the victim of a scheme planned by Thomas M. Osborne and Warden Kirchway to ‘get the ‘superintendent,” and that he can establish this fact to the satisfaction of the Governor if he gets a chance. “I intend going back to Albany,” Superintendent Riley told his friends, “and before I get through with this whole matter somebody will know more about the prison situation in this State than they ever knew before. I am not going to be made the victim of trickery, and [ am frank to say I believe the Governor has been imposed upon and deceived. I won’t ’ resign.” Information from Albany states that General Theodore A. Bingham will be the new Superintendent of prisons if he cares to take’ the place. General Bingham came to the capitol recently in response to an urgent message from Governor Whitman. For more than an hour he and the Governor discussed the prison situation. It is believed that the Executive let the former New York Police Commissioner know that if their views were in harmony he could have the place. After the conference General Bingham indicated that he would accept the position if it is formally offered to him. 
