---
title: Worth Knowing
author: Unknown
issue: 12
volume: 1
year: 1916
month: 2
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WORTH KNOWING    Among the many able men of our time may be mentioned James M. Baldwin, of Princeton, NJ. He is the possessor of a number of college degrees and a man of marked ability and learning, having held many important positions in associations for futhering the study of psychology and sociology. For his work on social ethics he was awarded a gold medal by the Royal Academy of Demark, and he has been the editor of several scientific publications.    * * *    Joseph W. Powell, president of the Fore River Shipbuilding Corporation, is a man of advanced ideas and large heart; he looks upon his employees as a big family and treats them as such. At his suggestion the employees have formed a band which gives open air concerts in season, and a dramatic and literary club which has mad: sufficient advance to stage a first-class vaudeville show. To keep the men interested at all seasons he makes it a personal matter to visit the various baseball and bowling clubs and offers prizes to those having the highest scores and standing.    * * *    But few know that the genial stage favorite, Maude Adams, was born at Salt Lake City, Utah under the name of Kiskudden. Her early years were spent in an atmosphere of the theater and she received an early training for a stage career under the instruction of her mother who was an actress. When sixteen she became a member of E. H. Southern’s company, playing in the Midnight Bell. She finally joined the Frohman Stock company, and later was with John Drew. In 1901 she played with Sarah Bernhardt and afterward achieved distinction in plays written by J. M. Barrie, particularly in Peter Pan, The Little Minister, and What Every Woman Knows, In the plays Chantecler and L’Aigion she also attracted much attention.    ***    One of the best known artist in the country is Rose O’ Niel; wherever she paints a picture she adds her own personal mark to it. She adopted the conventional Cupid and used to add it to her signature. At first it was a well setup, well behaved, regulation Raphael sort of Cupid, but having a great deal to do and little time to do it in, caused her to hurry her signature. Finally the little Cupid got all out of drawing, as art critics say; his little “tum” was too large, his eyes large and shiny, accidentally caused by hastily made jabs with an overfilled pen.       A friend advised her to draw some more of those funny little things, and so the artist began making these little babies that were once only Cupids, and she sold them everywhere. A little girl, asking what they were, was told that they were “Cupids” and she explained to her mother, “see the pitty kewpies!” That settled it. Rose O’Niel knew she had a name for them. After that the children got tired of cutting them out of magazines and wanted some real “kewpies” to handle. There are, or were before the war, thirty German toy factories manufacturing these “kewpies.” 

