---
title: Well Worth Knowing
author: Unknown
issue: 19
volume: 1
year: 1916
month: 3
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WELL WORTH KNOWING    It certainly is a long way from singing in the church choir to writing musical comedy; but Reginald de Koven made it in three jumps: first jump, Oxford; second jump, Paris; third jump, Broadway. He and his collaborator wanted to sell “Robin Hood” outright for $2500, but the producer wouldn’t take such a long chance and forced a percentage contract on them. It brought them in $200,000   ***   Representative Edward W. Townsend, of New Choisey’ is half ashamed of the fact that he is the author of “Chimmie Fadden,” regardless of all the money the book and play have -brought him. When a man becomes engaged in state craft he likes to bury his past if that past is too much mixed up with slang and frivolity. When Townsend makes a speech in the House—which he does only occasionally—he carefully blocks every possible opening where a stray bit of humor might creep into what he has to say.    * * *    Dr. S. N. Patten, professor of Political Economy, of the University of Pennsylvania, probably knows more about what girls pay for their hats than do most milliners. After exhaustive research about this fascinating subject, the average for their best hat with a plume, thirteen dollars; the same class of girls in Boston paid only seven dollars. Dr. Patten says Atlantic City’s fashionable. Board Walk is responsible for the Philadelphia extravagance in head gear.    ***   It is said that Dr. Henry Van Dyke is not sure whether it was his father's example that made a minister of him; or his own admiration for the Apostles, who were all good fishermen. He’s all kinds of a minister—formerly minister of the Brick Church on Fifth Avenue and now Minister to Holland. He is the author of many poems, of which the best known is: “Cares shall be forgotten, All our sorrows flung away. While we are marching through Princeton.”    ***   The popular sergeant-at-arms of the Senate, Charles P. Higgins, was at one time a messenger boy out in St. Louis for one of the early telegraph companies of which Andrew Carnegie was president.    When Carnegie came up to visit the Senate some months ago, Higgins was introduced to him.    “Mighty glad to meet you,’ said Higgins; “I’ve wanted to make your acquaintance ever since we were associated in business.”    “You know, er—I don’t recall –“ faltered Andy.    “In the telegraph business,” explained Higgins; “of course, we never saw much of each other. You were busy with your duties as president and I was almost equally busy as messenger.”    “Ah, yes.” murmured Andy, who is Scotch, and so of course has no sense of humor, “very true.’ very true.” 




