---
title: Simple Life is Best
author: Unknown
issue: 26
volume: 1
year: 1916
month: 4
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
SIMPLE LIFE IS BEST Those who try to find their highest pleasures in what wealth can ‘bring them are usually much disappointed that the rich man cannot eat any more than—often not as much as—the humblest day-laborer, without working injury to himself. A man can only eat about so much without being distressed or made uncomfortable. It is a fact that many people are at times surprised to find how few and small their real wants are, and how frugally and simple they should live in order to obtain the blessing of health. As soon as a man begins to overdo, or to go to excess in pleasure of any kind, Nature’s demands are made manifest, often in much suffering. So that riches are not so vary desirous after all. Unless the possessor of wealth is gifted with a well-balanced mind and can hold him. self well under control, it often acts as an impediment to bringing out the higher qualities in a man. The many temptations of a rich man’s life are a constant menace to his highest moral and physical development, The great incentive to self-improvement is usually removed and life becomes mediocre or dulled to the finer impulses. It takes a strong will to resist the temptations that besets a person of wealth, in order to really accomplish that which is the best for himself and others. It is truly surprising what few and simple things will serve the highest good of the human being, The great trouble with most all of us is that we usually place a false estimate upon riches, overrate what it can do for the individual. Nearly all of the most desirable things in the universe are within the reach of all of us. The sunlight, the air, the beauties of nature, wholesome, nourishing food, a sweet, attractive home cost but very little. If we did not emphasize the wrong things, if we spent our earnings for the things that are really worthwhile, we could get much more out of life then we do. Experience and observation have shown that the simple-t lives are the happiest. Great complexity of living is not conductive to happiness or the highest unfoldment of the individual. In fact, the moment our lives become complicated or complex we cease to grow along the noblest sides of our nature. Our great aim in life should be to find out how we can get the best out of life and be happy with what we have, than to be constantly seeking for that which lies just beyond our reach. Most of us do not fully appreciate or get the full realization out of what we have ourselves, because our eyes are focused upon what other people have. The little we have is lost sight of, is covered up, in our magnifying the more which others have. We cannot get the full value of our own while we are thinking how much more others have. : What a great boon it would be for humanity if we could all be taught to see the real comforts and beauty that is most sure to bless and sweeten the simple life. 
