---
title: Wieliczka The Buried
author: Unknown
issue: 26
volume: 1
year: 1916
month: 4
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WIELICZKA THE BURIED    During the earlier part of the frightful European war, when the Russian troops were sweeping through Galicia, and were almost at the threshold of Silesia, the name of the ancient town of Wieliczka, some twelve miles south of Krakow, was frequently to be read in the dispatches. Classed as a strategic point, Wieliczka as printed on the map was a city of note; but remarkable to relate, for over a thousand years a city of much greater interest has lain buried below the surface of the earth, under the Galician town. Long neglected, this buried city is now recalled to mind by the war’s upheavals and it is depicted by The Guardian as being some two and a-half miles in length, and over a third of a mile wide, consisting of an enormous salt-mine, and one of the largest and oldest in the world. The article further states that ‘it has seven levels, and the lowest is nearly a thousand feet deep. It is entered by eleven shafts. The different levels are connected by flights of steps hewn out of the rock salt. In the mine are chapels, tramways, a railway, a railway station, a ballroom, and several other halls, all hewn out of the rock salt with elaborate architectural decoration.        “There are sixty-two miles of pony tramways and twenty-two miles of railway. All these lines, and the principal passages, or “streets,” meet in a sort of central cavern. Here is the central railway station; with spacious waiting-rooms and an excellent refreshment-room It looks, according to one visitor’s description, “more like a summer pavilion than a railway station, with its latticed galleries and its rows of stately pillars that gleam white and iridescent.       “The oldest “building” in the mine is the Chapel of St. Anthony: it dates from 1691. It contains three altars, a pulpit, and much statuary, all elaborately carved out of rock salt. But services are now held in the modern, but equally elaborate Chapel of St. Cunigunde, which is entered by descending forty-six salt steps. The chapel is fifty yards long, fifteen yards wide, and thirty feet high, and is used regularly for worship.       “The ballroom is a huge room, where the miners often hold their festivals. A miner’s orchestra plays regularly in the hall, not only for the dances, but for the entertainment of visitors The mine has been worked for at least eight hundred years. It belongs to the Austrian Government, and gives work to a thousand men.” 




