---
title: In Lighter Vein
author: Unknown
issue: 26
volume: 1
year: 1916
month: 4
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
IN LIGHTER VEIN    Harry: “I'd come over and kiss you, but I’m afraid of upsetting the boat.”    Grace: “I can swim, Harry.”    *   “Pa,” said the small seeker after knowledge, “what is a kiss?”    “A kiss, my son,” said the father, who hadn’t lived fifty years in vain, “is nothing divided by two.”    *   “So yo’ am goin’ to be mah son-in-law, am yo’?” inquired old Brother Buckaloo.    “Yessah, dat’s what it ‘mounts to,” said the colored swain. “But dat ain't what Ah’m a-marryin’ Louella Maud foh. Yo’ am purely incidental to de emergency, sah, purely incidental.”    *   “I want a pair of socks for my husband,” announced the determined-looking lady.    “Yes’m,” replied the clerk; “what number please?”    The shopper glared at him. “I didn’t know that it’s any of your business,’ she said, “but he is Number Three.”    *   “Do you love sister Clara, Mr. Simpson?” asked the little brother frankly of the caller.    “Why, Wille, what a funny question!” replied the astounded Mr. Simpson. “Why do you ask that?”    “Because she said last night she’d give a dollar to know, and I need the dollar.”    *   “Johnny,” said the mother as she vigorously scrubbed the small boy’s face with soap and water, “didn’t I tell you never to blacken your face again? Here I’ve been scrubbing for half an hour and it won’t come off.”    “I-I—ouch!” sputtered the small boy; ‘I ain't your little boy. I—ouch! Ise Mose, de colored lady’s little boy.”    *    Young Barnes had married contrary to his father’s wishes. Meeting his parent soon afterward, the father said angrily:    “Well, young man, I have made my will and cut you off with a dollar.”    “I am very sorry, father,” said the youth contritely; “you don't happen to have the dollar with you, do you?”   *   One day Johnny came home from school in tears.    “What is the matter, darling?” asked his mother solicitously.    “Teacher whipped me,” he sobbed.    “What for?” : “Nothin’ ’cept answerin’ a question.”    “That is very singular. Did you answer it correctly?”    “Yes’m” “What was the question, dear?”    “She asked who put the dead mouse in her desk.”

