---
title: Thousands of Wage Workers to Benefit by Increased Pay
author: Unknown
issue: 26
volume: 1
year: 1916
month: 4
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THOUSANDS OF WAGE WORKERS TO BENEFIT BY INCREASED PAY    At Toledo, O., six hundred employees of the Boss Manufacturing Company, mitten manufacturers, are to get an increase in wages of from 5 to 12 per cent., an aggregate increase of $60,000 a year. The increase, understood to have been granted voluntarily, is effective immediately.       Reports from Media, Pa., tell of a voluntary raise of 2 cents per hour recently, given to motormen and conductors by the Delaware County and Philadelphia Electric Railway Company, which operates lines from Angora to Media and from Media to Glen Riddle. Under the new schedule the men will receive from 23 to 26 cents per hour, according to length of service.       The employees of the New Castle and the Delaware City lines of the Wilmington and Philadelphia Traction Company, have received notice of an additional raise of 2 cents an hour, taking effect at once. The men now receive 4 cents more per hour than they did six months ago.       Fifteen thousand operatives at New Bedford, Mass., are effected by a wage advance of 5 per cent., announced by cotton yarn mills in that city recently. The Quissett, Sharp, Holmes, New England and City Mill managements posted notices of the raise. The Monomet and Ki burn Mills recently announced an advance.       J. & P. Coates, L’t’d, thread manufacturers, of Pawtucket, R.I., announced that an increase in wages approximating 10 percent. had been granted to 2600 employees. The advance will date from January 31.       Effective February 1, the wages of the 2000 employees of the Northampton plant of the Atlas Portland Cement Company, at Allentown, Pa., will be increased from 7 to 10 percent. The company also operates mills at Hudson, N. and Hannibal, Mo.      Increases in pay averaging 5 per cent. will be given master mechanics in the navy yards throughout the United States. Secretary Daniels said recently he had decided to grant the increases and would make them effective as soon as possible, probably within the next two weeks. 


