---
title: Railroads To Pass Into Federal Control
author: Unknown
issue: 2
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 5
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
RAILROADS TO PASS INTO FEDERAL CONTROL    Director Prouty Declares Private Capital Cannot Develop Railroads at Existing Profits    It is reported from Washington, D. C. that Charles A. Prouty, who resigned as Interstate Commerce Commissioner to become Director of the Commission's division of value that is engaged in compiling the physical values of railroad properties in the United States, recently declared that time alone would tell whether under the present strict supervision of railroads by the Government, enough capital could be found for the transportation needs of the future. At any rate, he declared, private capital would require a larger return than bonds issued by a Government for the same purpose and the time would come when the people would ask whether it would not be better and cheaper to have the Government take over bodily transportation facilities and then give the service directly to the people.       Mr. Prouty spoke before the section on taxation, finance, commerce and transportation of the Pan-American Scientific Congress.       In the absence of Dr. Charles W. Eliot, president emeritus of Harvard University, Cambridge, Mass, his paper on “The Changes Needed in American Secondary Education,” was read.       “The most important part of Education,” Doctor Eliot wrote, “is the training of the senses. The boys on the farms, no less than those who are being trained in the trades, acquire extensive development of the senses. The advent of mechanical power and machinery, however, has impaired this development.”       Doctor Eliot said this sense training should be the prime object in human education, from the primary to the professional grade. 

