---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 2
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 5
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION    Prof. Milton C. Whitaker, of Columbia University, acts in the capacity of advising chemical engineer to many of the big industrial plants scattered over the county. The European war has stopped so many of our chemical imports that Professor Whitaker is to head a special chemical engineering department at Columbia, to train chemical experts.    *    Justice Day, of the United States Supreme Court, is a man of small stature, a writer in “Everybody’s” observes; while his son looms high even among six-footers. Recently the son came into the Supreme Court room. Seizing the opportunity, Justice Holmes jotted down a note on a piece of paper and passed it along. When it reached Justice Day, he read: “My, the boy’s a block off the old chip, isn’t he, Day?”    *   Dr. Dudley A. Sargent, head of the physical department at Harvard, and also head of one of the largest schools in the country for physical training for women, believes that the feminine movement isa first class emotional outlet for women. Formerly washtubs and _ spinning wheels were an emotional outlet for the gentler sex, but now, he believes, they get rid of their emotional overflow by jumping fences and campaigning for votes on the street corner.    *    Charles P. Steinmetz, sometimes described as the world’s greatest electrician, in an interview in “Collier’s” says that the most important electrical and industrial problem of today is “the transportation of electricity.” “The United States,” he says, “should be covered with a mesh of power-transmission lines.” The lines, he thinks, will eventually be as perfectly coordinated as are our present systems of railways, which make travel easy to every part of the country. mm    *   Senator Borah of Idaho, tells this story of how a psychologist and mediumistic professor was received in a small town in this State: The professor was talking to a young society bud about the possibilities of the journeyings of one’s soul. “Why, my dear young lady,” he declared, “it is possible for you in your sleep to travel to other planets in the middle of the night.”    “Oh, Professor!’ she cried in evident alarm.     “Not in my nightgown!”    *   Congressman Stephens, of California, is an ultra-enthusiastic lodge man. He was in San Francisco attending a State Masonic doings, when the earthquake mussed things up. All the other Masons were for catching a train and fleeing to some place of safety, but Stephens said naw, naw, they would go over to the Masons Temple and finish their exercises. Part of the temple was caved in, but they found a room with the walls still standing and went ahead with their ritual until soldiers came and chased them away. 


