---
title: Thinks Imprisonment Is Punishment Enough
author: Unknown
issue: 9
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 6
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THINKS IMPRISONMENT IS PUNISHMENT ENOUGH    Warden McKenty Says Kindness Will Lessen Criminal Tendencies       These were some of the ideas expressed by Robert J. McKenty, Warden of the Eastern Penitentiary, at a large meeting of the Woman’s Club of Bala and Cynwyd, held recently in the Cynwyd clubhouse.       In addressing the assemblage the Warden said:       “You can kill criminal tendencies in a man with kindness when the use of brute force only makes him worse. Most keepers of prisons think a prisoner should be punished in addition to his imprisonment. I think imprisonment itself is punishment enough.”       Mr. McKenty, who invited his hearers to inspect the penitentiary at any time, discussed penology from the standpoint of the humanitarian. In his remarks he paid a complimentary tribute to ex-Warden Osborne, of Sing Sing Prison, and told of an incident that occurred a short time ago in that connection. He and Osborne had a discussion at the Contemporary Club, regarding McKenty’s methods. Another man, a friend of Osborne, joined in the chat. So Warden McKenty invited them to visit the Eastern Penitentiary. They came the next day, hut said they were in a hurry and could only stay a few minutes.       “Nobody can get out of here without the permission of the warden,” McKenty told Osborne and his companion, “and you fellows are going to stay until you can make a thorough inspection and see how well things are run here.” And he made them do it.       “T heard a minister remark once,” Warden McKenty added, “that the slums inevitably lead to the penitentiary. I was raised in the slums and I guess he was right, after all, because I got to the place finally, although not in the way the minister meant.”   
