---
title: Lincoln’s Fondness For Books
author: Unknown
issue: 9
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 6
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
LINCOLN’S FONDNESS FOR BOOKS       On the twelfth of this month there will be celebrated the anniversary of Abraham Lincoln’s birth. It recalls to mind the estimate of a prominent author who is justly keen in praise of the “intellectual giant.” Dilating upon Lincoln’s mental development the writer refers to his predilection for books, and goes on to say that he was one of the most perfectly developed men intellectually and morally which this country has produced. He had the power which is the highest end of education—that is, the power to think out to a logical conclusion the problem which life brought to him, and to express these conclusions in language which the simplest could understand, and which at the same time was distinguished in style and most effective in convincing and moving men.       In the description of Lincoln’s fondness for books we read that “The Bible, ‘Aesop’s Fables’, ‘Robinson Crusoe’, Pilgrim’s Progress,’ ‘History of the United States,’ and Weens’ ‘Life of Washington’ comprised the store of reading matter in the community. in which he lived, and when young Lincoln had exhausted this he began to borrow from a distance. He once told a friend that there was not a book he had not read within a radius of fifty miles of his boyhood home. The character of the book seems to have made little difference to him. The legends say that he walked as far to get a treatise of law as to get a volume of poetry or biography.”       He did not simply read the books; he absorb them, copying long extracts, making them literally his own—something which he could and did recite as he followed the plow, and which furnished him material for the long discussions he sought with every passing neighbor.      “When his boyhood was past and he had entered upon that career of Jack-of-all-trades which he was forced to pursue until. he was nearly 25 years old, continued to read much in the intervals of railsplitting, flatboating, storekeeping, acting as village postmaster and deputy In this period of life he made a through and critical acquaintance with Shakespeare and Burns. It is rarely indeed that a person found so well versed in Shakespeare as Lincoln was. He could quote pages from many of the plays and had a ‘very clear and intelligent opinion of the meaning of difficult passages. He was fond of seeing the plays acted, and while in Washington as President of the United States, never missed a Shakespearean play if he could help it. Often he sent for the leading actor after it was over and discussed the arrangement of the play, amazing his auditors by his knowledge.”    


