---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 9
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 6
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION       Cincinnati gave a warm welcome to James Whitcomb Riley, the Hoosier poet, recently when he passed through the city on his way South for the winter. Among other displays of affectionate regard, five thousand children from the public and parochial schools assembled in Music Hall and sang and recited some of Mr. Riley’s verse.       “A famous and oracular Spaniard, Baltasar Gracian,” says “Collier’s Weekly,” “writing on worldly wisdom, has declared that a man in the zenith of his development may be known by the purity of his taste, the clearness of his thought, the maturity of his judgment, the firmness of his will.” To this enumeration of fine qualities the writer adds: “That man we believe to be at his highest point who, upon attaining the top of his ambition (or upon not attaining it), sees the true value of all mundane ambition and turns his energies to service and self-sacrifice.”       Senator Moses Clapp, of Minnesota, loves to tell a good story, which is much to the pleasure of his friends. He relates this one abouta pair cf Swedish constituents who keep bachelor quarters in a houseboat. One of the pair awoke one fine morning to fin’ that their home had broken loose from its mooring and had drifted down the rivera few miles. In great excitement, he awoke his companion.       “You, get up!” he yelled. “We ain’t here; we ain’t here, I tell you! We ’bout four miles from here!’       The much talked of Senator from Ohio, Burton, said to be the most solemn of Senators— with the sole exception of his colleague, Sen Pomerene—was strolling along a Washington thoroughfare one morning past a musical conservatory where some well-intentioned young woman, whose folks have money, was evidently endeavoring to learn to sing.       Burton listened to the weird sounds emanating from the place, and then, with a sad shake of his head, observed sympathetically:       “There is, indeed a lot of trouble in this old world, isn’t there?”       Representative Martin B Madden of Illinois, is a connoisseur of art, and has the walls of his office covered with fine etchings and engravings. Not long ago he went to a little art shop and left an order for a small engraving of “Apollo and the Muses.” The clerk said they would order.it. In a week Madden went back and the clerk informed him that there wasn’t any such picture.       “Why, ‘Apollo and the Muses’ is well known the world over,” said Madden: ‘of course the e’s such a picture “ ‘What’s that title again?”? asked the clerk. “Apollo and the Muses’? Oh-h, I thought you ordered a picture called P..ul in the Museum.’    


