---
title: Sunday Has Puritanic Ideas About Amusements
author: Unknown
issue: 9
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 6
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
SUNDAY HAS PURITANIC IDEAS ABOUT AMUSEMENTS Bitterly Attacks The Theater, Dancing And Card Playing “Billy” Sunday addressed a large audience at the tabernacle in Trenton N. J. recently and said, “that if he had followed the advice of Thomas Keene, the tragedian, and had gone on the stage instead w. the pulpit, he would have been a great hit.” Keene wanted Sunday to be his understudy, but Sunday decided to throw his life with God, in the afternoon and at night he spoke on “amusements,” and it was a knockdown and drag-out affair. The theatre, cards and dancing came in for a severe denunciation, and the efforts of the preacher convinced those present that the stage had lost a great artist. Sunday recently refused an offer of $100 to speak for 20 minutes on “Preparedness.” The offer is understood to have been made by a New York theatrical man. Mr. Sunday’s sermon was the same for both the afternoon and evening services. The conventional forms of amusements—the theatre, card-playing and dancing—were particularly scored, although the preacher seemed to feel that he was going the limit. The first to receive the attention of the evangelist was the theatre He referred to the large salaries that actors get, and said some of them received $100 a night. “But just as soon as preacher gets a fairly large salary,’ he shouted, “he is a grafter.” Card playing was the next of the so-called amusements that received the attention of the “When I talk to you about card he said, “I am trying to pound through your head that every pack of cards is but another stepping stone to hell. 1 have just as much respect for an old gambler who will bet his last sou as the women who sit around in their homes and play cards for prizes. They are degenerate as the gambler in the gambling hell. They ought to be put in the caboose with the rest of the bunch.” Dancing received a lacing from the preacher. He said that every good man and woman carried in his or her breast the same passions that bad men and women carry. The dance, he said, is the dry rot of society and it is immoral. 
