---
title: Friendship
author: B-6447
issue: 9
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 6
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
FRIENDSHIP       Dear Brother Members:       If there is any one feeling that is universal, that feeling is the need of friends. How well we know that, to be friendless has always been accounted the most pitiable of conditions.       Friendship is among the common things of earth and yet it is of the finest. Because it has inspired the most heroic deeds it has figured greatly both in history and fiction. Because it is tender, and the dearest possession of the heart, and we all know it has been praised in the songs the human heart holds dear. It is a feeling that comes from within, not from without. To have friends you must be one; he who is to be your friend must feel the desire in you as well as in himself.       The icicles hanging side by side in winter would generate no friendliness, even though the warm sunshine melt them both and they drip together into a common stream. There are two elements that go to the composition of friendship, one is Truth. A friend is a person with whom | can be sincere. Before him, I may think aloud.       The other element of friendship is Tenderness. When a man becomes dear to us, we have touched the goal of fortune.       Let us fully realize what the two letters H. & F. on our buttons mean, and be true to the obligation which we took when we became members of this Organization. Be sincere in your efforts to uplift your fellowman, and let our club prove to be an Inspiration and a Help to the one who seeks to find the most of the — best in life—Honor and Friendship.       “As I travel the pathway of life I find    At various turns of the road,    The strong arms of a comrade kind    To help me onward with my load;    And since I have no gold to give,    And love alone must make amends,    My only prayer is, while I live—    God make me worthy of my friends.”       B 6447, Vice-President, Honor and Friendship Club.

