---
title: Taken As Crook Proves A Much Sought Heir
author: Unknown
issue: 16
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 7
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
TAKEN AS CROOK PROVES A MUCH SOUGHT HEIR       The report comes from Chicago, that a well dressed young man, apparently a stranger in that city attracted the attention of a couple of detectives in the buffet of the Great Northern Hotel recently. His hat was of the latest style, his suit up to date, his scarf expensive.       “I saw that same fellow on State street yesterday,” said one of the detectives. “I think we had better look him over He does not seem to be doing anything. Maybe he is a dip.” At the Detective Bureau the young man said his name was Keith Edward Dalrymaple. He told a well-connected story. A few days ago he said he came to Chicago from Detroit. Before coming to Detroit he worked in department stores of Buffalo and New York.       “I might as well tell you I ran away from home eight years ago,” he told the detectives. “I went first to New York. My home was in Siloam Springs, Ark. My father lived there and afterwards moved to Port Allegheny, Pa. I have not heard from him in years.”       An examination of the records of the detective bureau did not show that Dalrymaple had any police record. Then the detectives looked through circulars and posters, asking for a search for various missing persons. All at once there appeared a picture of a young fellow on a circular asking for the finding of Keith Edward Dalrymaple, heir to an estate worth $400, 000, left by his father, a successful speculator in oil properties. From the circular there appeared to be no doubt that this was the same young man.       “Worth $400,000 and we picked pickpocket,” said the detective.       It certainly is lucky for me that you did arrest me, said Dalrymaple. “That circular is dated four years ago. I suppose that the search has been made all this time. I’ll go to Port Allegheny, as soon as I can get there.”       “What are you going to do with all that money?’ he was asked.       “OH, I don’t know. I’ll work. I think I’ll go into the automobile business as have always wanted to run my own car. Now I’ll have a chance,” he replied. 




