---
title: Give It A Trial
author: Unknown
issue: 16
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 7
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
GIVE IT A TRIAL       It was a wise observer who said: “If you are in a hurry don’t. get behind a lame man, but hitch your chariot to a star.” Watch out for the sneerer and the scoffer. Seek the man who believes in things that are good, and who is endeavoring to make the best of opportunity by trying to make everything else better by kind words and deeds       Let us step into the sunshine for a little while. This is not such a bad old world after all. You may have had hard luck for a time back, or perhaps hard blows and ill health had followed on your trail; but don’t let that take the starch out of you. Just open up your account book and see if the credit doesn’t overbalance the debit.       A little more to the point, be frank with yourself and see how much of the debits may be charged to your own follies; say, a lack of foresight, overreaching selfishness, extravagance, stupidity, failure to profit by advice or to learn by experience.       Go a little further into the self-examination process, and see if the blame for your troubles or failure is not all pretty much your own fault. Above all, don’t be disgruntled because some one who you thought unworthy has done so much better in life than yourself. Rather, think of those who are even less well off than you are. Your case must be a very hopeless one indeed if you are last in the lire of unfortunates       Much that seems dark can be changed, if you will it. Happiness is from within, not from without. No greater cheer can be had than that which comes to looking on the better side of things, right thinking, good conscience and right living. Step out into the open of good endeavor sunshine and feel the warmth of its inviting glow. At any rate, give it a trial.

