---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 16
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 7
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION John Drew is one of the very few actors who look exactly the same off the stage as when before the footlights. In fact, he has reached his dressing room many an evening just in time to dab a bit of color on his cheeks to counteract the ghastly effect of the lights before walking on the stage. Sometimes, as he has walked on, removing his gloves he had been wearing when he reached the theater and had no time to remove them before making up. ***Charles Francis Adams, II, doen’t look like a business man; he doen’t act like one. He gives you the impression that yachting is about the only thing worth while. He learned all there was to learn about American yachting, then he went over to England and other foreign countries and studied their craft, customs, tricks and everything else connected with it. Yet Mr. Adams might be considered somewhat of a business man since he is a director in forty-one financial institutions, including the McAdoo Tubes in New York. He is also treasurer of Harvard University. ***“By” Newton, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, used to be aviation editor of a New York paper, and thinks nothing of going up in a balloon or aeroplane so high that a State of the Union looks no larger than a parcel post stamp When he first started into the newspaper business, Newton had a harrowing experience that might have dulled the journalistic ardor of a less sanguine spirit. He was sent out to— interview a certain Mr. Doe in regard to some new scientific discovery. After a couple of hours he found the Doe house and rang the bell. “Mr. Doe in?” he asked the woman who came to the door. “Yes; he's in,” laughed she gayly—”in his grave these three years.” ***Ira Smith, one of the clerks at the White House, is another Carnegie medal-less, unknown hero. Part of Smith’s job is to sort out the mail each day, and this includes the opening of all express packages. If somebody were to send an infernal machine to the President, express prepaid, Smith would be the man killed. Yet he goes about his task every morning with a light heart and opens up boxes of unknown contents, whistling softly at times, and with apparently no thought of the morrow There is one thing that probably gives him courage to perform his duties—the fact that there has not been, in so far as anybody thereabouts can recall, a dangerous package received at the White House. Infernal machines sent to the President ate jolly, hair-raising things to read about, but they are sent only in Welsh rabbity dreams. Even if one were sent, the only man it would hurt would be Smith. the hero of this paragraph. 
