---
title: The Umpire Ad Column
author: Unknown
issue: 16
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 7
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN    There is no obligation attached to the “ad” service of this paper, but notices for publication must come through your Overseer.       FOR SALE—Clothes brushes, hairbrushes and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to $1.50B 1381, 7B. (**)      OIL PAINTINGS on canvas, glass or wood, any size, reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (49)       FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern deep-framing. Post cards, photos, certificates, etc., framed. Send your number with request to see work. B 7172, 12 B. (2)      FOR SALE—Mandolin and sheet music, all for $3. B 5808, 1B. (1)       TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates B 7386, 3 B.       FOR SALE—10 violin folios 1st violin 20 pieces of each folio. Gigantic collection of 700 pieces, One magnificent collection of violin solos 600 pieces at $1.50 B 7173 ,7G. (3)       FOR SALE—Scarfs made of Germantown wool on frame 7x2½  ft. from $1.50 up. Shawls made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391, 7 G (4)       WATCHES and CLOCKS, repaired made to order, also fine engraving done. Work first-class, B 7945, 7 G. (2)       For Sale—Inlaid boxes of superior workmanship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable prices. B 6270, 5th Gallery (3)       For Sale—Oval frames with raised convex glass for Lorillard’s coupon enlargements, $1.25 Enlargements made and framed $2.20 B 7243, 7th Block (3)       For Sale—New accordion, Italian model $6.50 also Bottle with Cross enclosed beautiful Curio. $1.00 B 7794, 10 Block (3)       For Sale—One spring rocking chair, in good condition. Price reasonable B 7812 12th B (3)       For Sale—A pair of Canaries all ready mated up and a-breeding cage cheap. B 7040 4th Gallery. (3)       FOR SALE—Oil paintings on canvas, glass and wood, different sizes, also painting done to order at reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (5)       FOR. SALE—Fancy German silver rings; also tooth picks and stick pins at reasonable prices. Work guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722, 7G (5)       FOR SALE—3 fine singing canaries, : pair now breeding, 1 breeding cage, 1 brass cage— all for $6, cost $10.50. B 7680, 7B. (5)       FOR SALE—Fancy shades made of cambric, or crepe paper, all colors, 25c. B 6894. 12 B. (5)       FOR SALE —Fancy hand painted post cards done in oil and water color, 6 for 5c. Photo enlargements in crayon. 8B. B 6829 (6)      FOR -SALE—Violin in good condition, instruction book and 4 violin folios, all for $3.50, Going out soon. B 7663. 12 G. (6)      FOR SALE--Combination jig saw, for scroll work, or small furniture, cheap. B 7784, £G. (6)       FOR-SALE—Scarfs and throws of Germantown wool, best work, lowest prices. B 7107, 7B (6)       FOR SALE—Lord's Prayers 15x20, all pen flourish with gold shading; also 15 styles post cards B 6982, 9B (7)       FOR SALE—Pure tone violin rare bargain, $10. B 5867, 7B (7)      FOR SALE—Thorner German Accordeon with case and instruction book. Cost $8, will sell for $4.50. B 6153, 5 B. (7) 


