---
title: State Board Discusses Meaning of “Daily Wage”
author: Unknown
issue: 23
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 8
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
STATE BOARD DISCUSSES MEANING OF “DAILY WAGE”    Important Meeting of Compensation Board at Harrisburg       The question of what shall be defined as a daily wage in calculation payments under the Workmen’s Compensation system was discussed by representatives of capital and labor before the State Compensation Board recently and further hearing will be held, before the board makes a ruling. Representatives of mine operators and workers, railroads and railroad brotherhoods and numerous other occupations were present and the discussion took a wide range.       The principal argument was made by Roger J. Dever, of Wilkes-Barre, counsel for the United Mine Workers, in three anthracite districts, who contended that the board in determining the wage, should adhere strictly to the provisions of the law, Mr. Dever objected to some if the suggestions for the daily wage as not being equitable. Under the act the weekly wage is defined, but the daily wage is left to the board.       James H. Maurer, of Reading, president of the State Federation of Labor, took the same view as Mr. Dever and said he did not consider the act perfect. He predicted that some amendments would be offered at next session of the Legislature, notably one to provide for a minimum wage of $10 per week.       Henry I. Wilson, a member of the House from Jefferson County, who was one of the legislative committee which drafted the act, stated that it was the intention to have what a man earned in six months made the basis of compution of the daily wage. He said that the board had authority to make a ruling which would settle the question.       Henry S. Lydick, of Pittsburgh, and E. B. Crighton, of Philadelphia, spoke for the. coal operators, and after a general discussion chairman Mackey announced that requests has been made for further hearings from persons interested. 
