---
title: The Might Of Cromwell
author: Unknown
issue: 23
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 8
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE MIGHT OF CROMWELLGiving an account of “Cromwell’s Place” in the well known author, Dr. Gardiner, describes the complete success of the Cromwellian methods, by stating that in some sort Cromwell is best understood by fixing his relations to the two great tendencies of the Revolution. In his nature the destructive aims of Puritadism were most clearly revealed He was intolerant of everything opposed to the highest and most spiritual religion, and of the forms which as he thought choked and hindered its development: with a strong arm he pronounced a distinct negative to everything persistently antagonistic to what he regarded as the interest of the people of God. After the Battle of Marston Moor, he reputed with. the highest approbation -the words of one of his officers: “One thing lay on his spirit; that God had not suffered him to be any. more the ‘executioner of His enemies.”Armed with this faith, Cromwell himself struck. blow after blow. “He dashed down Laud’s miter and Charles throne; he was foremost in ‘sending Charles himself to the scaffold; in later years he destroyed Parliament after Parliament were hard... The noticeable thing: about them was that they were permanently successful Never again’ did there appear in England a persecuting Church supporting itself an royal absolutism: a monarchy r resting its claims solely on divine right; a Parliament defying the constituencies by which it had been elected as well as the Government by which it had been summoned.” Constitutionalists might challenge the Negative Voice as claimed by Charles to obstruct reform. Cromwell exercised it in right of conformity with the permanent requirements of the nation.” 
