---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 23
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 8
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION      Noted for his great activity for a man of his age, General Roger A. Pryor, ex-justice of the Supreme Court, and a leading figure in the Confederacy recently, celebrated his eighty-eight birthday in New York City. While cutting Grant’s wires of communication he was captured as a spy; he was working under Lee’s direction. Grant and Stanton wanted him hanged, but Lincoln saved his life.       ***      One-of the fastest writers in the newspaper fields Arthur Brisbane, the well-known editorial writer for the New York, Hearst publications. He once wrote thirty-two editorials in one day. He has a cabin built on the roof of his home, and sleeps there with the windows open, during summer and winter. In the summer when the early morning light awakens him, he ties a black silk handkerchief over his eyes and falls back to sleep again.       ***      George Barr McCutcheon, author of twenty popular novels is a collector of first editions. The author’s hobby, however, extends only to first editions of English authors. His collection of these is large, and valuable, and contains many that are extremely rare. Mr. McCutcheon’s friends are aware of his interest in this direction and keep him well supplied with clues of various sort to run down.       ***      If they were known by their real names, some of the bright stars of the stage would be unrecognizable to American audiences. Who knows Edward Fitzgerald, for instance? And who does not know, Eddie Foy? They are one and the same. In 1878, Fitzgerald became Foy when he made his first appearance on the stage. His career began in the West--Far West, too. He was one of the early performers of the concert hills of Leadville, Colo., when Leadville was in its prime, and it not only paid, but it behooved the actor to please his audience.       ***      The Agriculture Department prepared a lovely little pamphlet containing colored pictures of fifty prominent birds of the field and orchard, in native costume. The idea was to increase people’s knowledge of birds, so that if the average man steps out in the back yard and sees a thrush, or a linnet, or a flamingo flitting about the trees, he will be able to call it by name.       Representative Ira C. Copeley caused to be published in newspapers of his district a general proclamation to the effect that, while the supply lasted, he would send the pretty little bird books to all who would write for them, without money and without price. One constituent read the notice hastily and thus became the victim of a slight misunderstanding. He sat down and wrote his Congressman as follows:       “I have seen your advertisement about free birds and I think I will choose a parrot. Or send a crow.”
