---
title: A Phone For The  Pocket
author: Unknown
issue: 23
volume: 2
year: 1916
month: 8
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
A PHONE FOR THE POCKET       A Dutch inventor has recently patented an appliance that may revolutionize the telephone The discovery was made by Mr. P. de Lang, a native of the Netherlands, at the University of Utrecht.       The thermaphone is the name of the new telephone and it consists of a telephone receiver and transmitter which is so small that it can be carried in the vest pocket and is no larger than a watch. The magnet and the diaphragm of the ordinary receiver are replaced by a loop of an exceedingly fine platinum wire and a disk of aluminum perforated with fine holes.       “The receiver and transmitter are so small they may easily be carried in the vest pocket, taking up no more space than the ordinary watch. The cost of manufacture is estimated at thirty American cents.       “Notwithstanding its diminutive size, the thermaphone—for so the inventor has named it— appears to have the advantage over the telephone of transmitting messages with perfect clearness and distinctness, vocalization being especially, good, and there being no confusion of vowel sounds, letter, or figures. In the thermaphone the magnet and diaphragm of the telephone are eliminated, there being substituted a loop of exceedingly fine platinum wire within a small aluminum cover pieced with minute holes. Currents passing through the wire cause changes in temperature, alternating from heat to cold with great rapidity, the consequent expansions and contractions of the surrounding air becoming evident as sound.”       The diminutive size of the receiver being no larger than a lead pencil, makes it possible to place the receiver in the ear and leaves the hands free to take notes during a conversation.       “The receiver is so small (being not more than an inch in length and about the thickness of a lead pencil) that it may be placed in the ear, connection being maintained by a thin wire. Either a single or double receiver may be used, and the hands are left free to make notes of any messages transmitted.”      The inventor hopes not only to revolutionize the telephone industry but also has confidence that the instrument may be adapted to the needs of those who are suffering from deafness.       The small cost—a complete apparatus costs only thirty cents of American money—its compactness, simplicity, and the cheapness of construction commend its as a commercial article of very great promise. 
