---
title: E.S.P. Report Shatters Criminal Theories
author: Unknown
issue: 1
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 9
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
E. S. P. REPORT SHATTERS CRIMINAL THEORIESInspectors 86th Annual Report Gives Record of Occupants Those who read the 86th annual report of the Inspectors of the Eastern Penitentiary for last year, just issued, will find most of their theories of criminology and penology shaken. Of the 672 prisoners admitted during the year, for instance, only two are listed under criminal occupations. They are classed as thieves. The remaining 670 belong to about every profession and occupation, from acting to nursing and from doctoring to brush making. This, coupled with the fact that only 52 of the number previously have served one or more terms in the Eastern Penitentiary, would support the contention of Warden Robert J. McKenty and other progressive prison reformers that penal institutions should be considered opportunities for reformation and rehabilitation, rather than for mere punitive treatment. Especially significant in this connection is the Warden’s report that “the vocational training, as offered by the vocational training schools of the institution, is eagerly sought by the prisoners, and we still continue to hear good reports of quite a number of those discharged who were taught various trades while confined here. Classified as to crimes, the 672 are divided as follows: Crimes against person, 172; against property, 407: against person and property, 93. Of the crimes against person, murder in the second degree is the leading offense, there being 35. Larceny leads in the crimes against property with 99. This is followed by burglary, 43; entry to steal and larceny, 44. Conspiracy is the crime of which 8 are accused, while 5 are charged with embezzlement. At the close of 1915, the report continues, there were 1159 white males, 14 white females, 357 colored males, 15 colored females, or a total of 1545. This represents an increase in the population of 1914 of 82. The largest number present during the last year was 1661 and the smallest 1462, the average being 1588. The report says the discipline has been good and that the prisoners voluntarily contributed to the Children’s Hospital $66 94 and to the Lincoln Memorial Hospital $27.35. They also contributed a fund by which Christmas packages were sent to 285 children of prisoners. The good results of the educational system of the prison is demonstrated by the fact that, of those discharged 120 who were illiterate when received, all but six could read and write when discharged. 
