---
title: Base Ball
author: B-8010
issue: 1
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 9
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
BASE BALL       The Managers of the several teams of the “Eastern State Penitentiary Base Ball League” met last week for the purpose of organization for the season of 1916. The meeting was called to order by Mr. William McKenty, who presided over the formal proceedings.       No. 6453 was selected manager of the “Cubs” after which 8010 was elected President of the Base Ball Comission. The selection of a secretary was deferred to a later date. The new President then took the chair and announced that under his adminstration he expected the cordial and undivided support, of every body, officials, officers and men and that he would make every effort to bring about success to the league and a “square deal” for everyone without fear or favor. He counseled the managers to do their best to impress upon the members of their teams to be careful of their conduct on and off the field and thus set an example to all the men here in showing by their conduct that the confindence reposed in them by the officials is justified and that they are still men, entitled to fair treatment and a further extension of privileges upon their honor. “Fair play” was the keynote of his remarks and he asks that all the men here “play fair”—He hoped that our league might set an example of clean sportsmanship to the leagues outside the walls.       The League then gave a vote of thanks to N. Snellenburg & Co. and Mr. Pratt the manager. of their Sporting Department and ordered a letter to be sent to that firm.       A schedule of 72 games was then drawn up and adopted. The first games will be on Apr. 12, between the Printers and the Shed, and the Ninth and Cubs. The last games of the season will be Sept. 27, between the Ninth and Shed, and Cubs and Printers. After which will come the Championship series.       The president subsequently interviewed the Warden, who approved the schedule and gave his consent to begin practice on April 1, with privilege of taking up the necessary collection for paraphernalia, etc., and for the managers to sign up players after March 1 and other detail matters.       Players will hereafter sign and be held for the season unless sooner traded or replaced by their clubs. Base balls lost in playing must be returned hereafter, when found, to the President of the Commission.       Teams and “fans” will be expected to go promptly and directly to the grounds when “unlocked.”? Games will be played on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays as usual, weather permitting. Competent Scorers and Umpires are requested to send their Names, Numbers and Block to the President and this means Competent men only.       The following men are the respective managers of the different teams— Ninth (B)5881, Cubs (6453), Shed (B)7166 Printers (B)7685.—      Now let the players sign up and then “Play Ball’,       PRESIDENT, B 8010.    


