---
title: New Method Of Gas-Making Using By-Product
author: Unknown
issue: 1
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 9
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
NEW METHOD OF GAS-MAKING USING BY-PRODUCT       It is announced that methods employed by gas companies for extracting the various byproducts arising from manufacture of gas, the dye-making chemicals in particular, soon will be taken up by the American Gas Company, of this city. By April 1 the Philadelphia Suburban Gas and Electric Company, a subsidiary of the American Company, will put into operation its new plant at Chester, fully equipped to extract these valuable by-products.       The extraction of cyanogen, valuable as a dye ingredient, will be specially pushed. This chemical enters largely into the manufacture of blue-dyes, the bluing solution use in washing particularly. Its greatest market, however, is in the preparation of cyanide of potassium a chemical necessary in refining gold. This product, while not absolutely harmful if not extracted in the gas-making process, is, nevertheless, troublesome, as it acts on the iron work in the gas holders. The production by the same process of benzol, highly valuable for its entrance into the manufacture of smokeless powder, will form another department at the Chester plant.       Both of these chemicals have been put into the class of “war brides,’ so far as profits are concerned, by the demand caused by the war. The exigencies of the dye situation have forced manufacturers to scrutinize every available means for getting together dye ingredients, and by-products formerly of little value have assumed very important proportions in view of their utilization in domestic dye manufacture: The American Gas Company, it is understood’ will carry on this enterprise on a strictly profitable business basis, and adequate facilities for handling the articles in a commercial way are to be provided.    

