---
title: Admiral Fletcher Says U. S. Dreadnaughts Lead
author: Unknown
issue: 8
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 10
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
NO. 10 ADMIRAL FLETCHER SAYS U. S. DREADNAUGHTS LEAD    That House Naval Committee is Told Navy’s Officers and Men Are Most Skillful in the World       The latest dispatch from Washington, states that a most encouraging report on the condition and efficiency of the nation’s sea forces was given the House Naval Committee by Admiral Frank Fletcher, commander-in-chief of the Atlantic fleet. In individual fighting efficiency, Admiral Fletcher declared, the dreadnaughts of the United States led the world, while in the skill of its officers and men the navy had no reason to fear comparison of that of any other Power.       Describing some of the things the navy is doing in the light of lessons of the European war, the admiral said ‘one ship of the fleet recently had hurled 7 out 42 huge projectiles through a-target 20 by 60 feet at a range of eight to nine miles, or 16,000 to 18,000 yards. The longest ranges used in naval engagements of the European war thus far, he explained were 16,000 to 17,000 yards.      Judging from reports from: various’ ships which have been engaged in target practice at Guantanamo during the last month, Admiral Fletcher said ‘it was probable that from 10 to 20 per cent, of the shots fired could be landed on a battleship at 18,000 yards.       The object now, he added, was to “straddle” the target ‘with salvos, the chances being that approximately — one-fourth of the projectiles would land on a ship thus straddled.       It is expected that the committee will take favorable action on the bill to authorize officers of the marine corps to accept employment in the Haitian constabulary. 

