---
title: We Should Have Friends
author: Unknown
issue: 8
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 10
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
WE SHOULD HAVE FRIENDS       One of the greatest mistakes we can make in life is when we limit our regard for others, with the thought of saving something for ourselves. When we do this, we will fall short to the extent that we had hoped to gain.       Parsimony profits us little when we wish it merely to rob another of a little happiness. The best that we may expect of the highest position that one may hope to attain in life, depends very largely on how we treat others in our business and social relations.       It is unquestionably true that no man can manage a business enterprise, or command a regiment of soldiers successfully, without the hearty cooperation and confidence of his employes or of his soldiers. Likewise in private life, one cannot get on without friends, and to be deserving of them we must show a friendly spirit.       Unfortunate indeed, is the man who lacks true friends. It will require no stretch of the imagination to understand that to be destitute of the consoling and comforting sympathy of a friend in the hour of trial is one of the saddest occurrences that can befall us. Like unto the unfortunate soul of the poet’s verse, “he may fix his gaze on the evening sky, with its crown of indifferent stars,” and repeat to himself, “this is indeed a lonely world for such as I.”       In the hour of necessity, a man who has made friends can fill his hours with pleasurable memory, even though he may “live on the lonely sands by the sea,” or on a mountain top, and be happy. 

