---
title: Just Mere Mention
author: Unknown
issue: 8
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 10
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
JUST MERE MENTION During the delivery of a sermon on “Faith,” former President Patton, of Princeton, said: “You have blind faith in the physician. He gives you medicine and tells you to take it. You take it. “Yours not to reason why; yours but to do and die.” ***George W. Cable the Southner writer, was visiting a Western city where he was invited to inspect a free library. The librarian conducted the famous writer through the building until they finally reached the department of books devoted to fiction. “We have all your books, Mr. Cable,” proudly said the librarian. “You see there they are—all of them on the shelves there: not one missing.” And Mr. Cable’s hearty laugh was not for the reason that the librarian thought! ***Archbishop Ryan was visiting a small parish in a mining district one day for the purpose of administering confirmation, and asked one nervous little girl what matrimony is. “It is a state of terrible torment which those who enter are compelled to undergo for a time to pre; are them for a brighter and better world,” she said. “No no,” remonstrated her rector: “that isn’t matrimony: that's the definition of purgatory.” “Leave her alone,” said the Archbishop; “maybe she is right. What do you and I know about it?” ***A number of famous Americans are really not Americans at all. For example, Frances Hodgson Burnett, so often referred to as the popular American authoress, was born in England; Ernest Thompson-Seton is a Canadian, as are also Charles G. D. Roberts, Bliss Carman, and the Reverend Francis E. Clark, the the founder of the United Society of Christian Endeavor: Jacob Riis was a Dane, and Doctor Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of the telephone, is a native of Scotland; Henry Clews the banker, and Timothy Cole, the famous wood engraver, are both Englishmen, and Annie Russell, the actress, is an Englishwoman, having been born in Liverpool. ***John D. Rockefeller Jr., once asked a clergy man to give him an appropriate Bible verse on which to base an ‘address which he was to make at the latter’s church. “I was thinking said, young Rockefeller, “that I would take the verse from the twenty-third Psalm. The Lord is my Shepherd.” Would that seem appropriate?” “Quite,” said the clergyman; “but do you really want an appropriate verse?” “I certainly do” was the reply. “Well then,”? said the clergyman, with a twinkle in his eye, “I would select the verse in the same Psalm: “Thou anoint my head with oil: my cup runneth over.” 
