---
title: The Umpire Ad Column
author: Unknown
issue: 8
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 10
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN    There is no obligation attached to the “ad” service of this paper, but notices for publication must come through your Overseer.    Inmates who fail to notify the Umpire Office when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use of Ad column.       FOR SALE—Clothes brushes, hair brushes and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to $1.50. B 1381, 7B. (**)       TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates. B 7386, 3 B.       FOR SALE—Scarfs made of Germantown wool on frame 7x24 ft. from $1.50 up. Shawls made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391, 7G. (4)       WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry made to order, also fine engraving done. Work first-class, B 7945, 7G. (2)       FOR SALE —Fancy, hand painted post cards| done in oil and water color, 6 for 5c. Photo enlargements in crayon. 8 B. B 6829 (6)       FOR SALE—Scarfs and throws of German-town wool, best work, lowest prices. B 7107, B. 6)       FOR SALE—Lord’ s Prayers 15x20, all pen flourish with gold shading; also 15 styles postcards B 6982, 9. B. (7)      FOR SALE—Pure tone violin rare bargain, $10. B 5867, 7B (7)       FOR SALE—Thorner German Accordeon with case and instruction book. Cost $8, will sell for $4.50. B 6153, 5 B. (7)       FOR SALE—Oil paintings on canvas, glass and wood, different sizes, also painting done to order at reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (5)      FOR SALE—Fancy German silver rings; also tooth picks and stick pins at reasonable prices. Work guaranteed. B 6254, B7722, 7G. (5)       FOR SALE—3 fine singing canaries, pair now breeding, 1 breeding cage, 1 brass cage— all for $6, cost $10.50. B 7680. 7B. (5)       FOR SALE—Fancy shades made of cambric, or crepe paper, all colors, 25c. B 6894. 12 B. (5)       FOR SALE—1 single dart board $3, 1 double dart board $3.50, copper wire and well finished. B 7483, 1B. (8)       FOR SALE—Music stand 50cts., and Italian—English and English—Italian Dictionary for $2. B 5676, 12 B l G. (8)       NOTICE—Safety razor blades sharpened at 2c each Gillette blades 8c. B 5400, 12 B. (9)       FOR SALE—3 gilt frame pictures 20x24 inches, also 42 passe partout pictures. Will sell reasonable. B 6303 9B. (9)       FOR SALE—E flat piccolo, J. W. Pepper make, in good condition; also instruction book with finger chart. 2 books, one with 43 and the other 62 pieces for piccolo. All for only $3. 50. B 7016, 5 B. (9)       FOR SALE—Easter bead Collars & Chains for Ladies, latest style, prices reasonable. B 5496, 12 B 2nd G. (9)       FOR SALE — Gillette Safety Razor & one half-doz. new blades price almost new. B 6803, 12 B. (9)       FOR SALE—Eleven string Weyman Mandolin, good tone, true fingering. B 6056 10B. (9)       FOR SALE—Cornet Tromb. Violin. and Mandolin, all in good. condition, also instruction books. B 7059, B. 4 (9) 
