---
title: U.S. Troops Ready To Enter Mexico
author: Unknown
issue: 15
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 11
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
U. S. TROOPS READY TO ENTER MEXICO    General Pershing To Command Troops In Search of Villa Recent Villa       outrages upon Americans, is expected to make it necessary to send United States troops under General Pershing to enter Mexico through Juarez.       The signal corps company at Fort Bliss was made ready for service on Monday, and at Fort Bliss Camp. At Fort Bliss and Camp Cotton, active and almost feverish preparations were being made for the invasion to capture Villa. A mountain-mule battery of artillery will accompany the expedition for use in the western Chihuahua country, where Villa is expected to take his men for a stand against the Americans.       Pursuit and capture of Villa is the sole purpose of the punitive expedition into Mexico, declared General John J. Pershing in a statement issued to quiet excitement among Mexicans in his section. His statement is as follows:       “It should be deeply impressed upon everybody that the only purpose of the entry of American troops into Mexico at this time, is the pursuit and capture of Villa and his band of brigands. It is a most friendly act of assistance on our part. This should be recognized by all true friends of the de facto government on both sides of the line.       “It is no time to indulge in idle theories about invasion. I give the Mexican people too much credit for common sense to think they will not gladly accept our aid in eliminating an international outlaw.” 




