---
title: Indication Of Knox For Presidential Candidate
author: Unknown
issue: 15
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 11
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
INDICATION OF KNOX FOR PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE National Republican Leaders Said To Favor Him For Strength And Harmony In Party From information recently received, it would appear that the national Republican leaders really prefer Philander C. Knox to Supreme Court Justice Hughes, as a reunion Presidental candidate. That is, they are said to favor Mr. Knox in the event that circumstances dictate the nomination of some one other than Colonel Roosevelt. This is not the first time that Mr. Inox, whose reputation is national and international, has been seriously discussed as a harmony candidate. But it was pointed out, in the statement of Colonel Roosevelt, that he would not enter actively into the primary fights of the several States has directed particular attention to possible compromises. One of the reasons why Mr. Knox became the united choice of Pennsylvania’s progressives and Republicans for the nomination for the United States Senate, to succeed Senator Oliver, was that Flinn and other Roosevelt leaders endorsed the idea. In doing so they prepared the way for an extension of the Pennsylvania harmony between Republicans and Progressives to the country at large. Mr. Knox’s friends feel that this condition will find ample reflection in the Republican and Progressive national conventions. The possibility of Mr. Knox becoming the presidential nominee has aroused so much discussion throughout the State, that already there is talk of Mr. Knox’s successor as a candidate for the United States Senate. Were Mr. Knox to win the presidential nomination the Republican State Committee would choose his successor as a candidate for the United States Senate. For that honor both the Penrose and Vare factions look with favor upon Senator Crow, of Fayette County, Republican State chairman. Senator Crow, it recalled, withdrew from the senatorial field on behalf of Mr. Knox. 
