---
title: True Decision Of Character
author: Unknown
issue: 15
volume: 3
year: 1916
month: 11
day: V
tags:
layout: page.njk
image:
---
TRUE DECISION OF CHARACTER       Writing for one of the late periodicals, Chas. H. Arnell says, “that true decision of character is one among the greatest secrets of success in life, and yet very few of us realize its importance until too late in life.” This may be true, but the Almighty has seen fit to create in every individual the germ of this quality, and if we will pay attention to the impulses of our own conscience, and make a careful study of the qualities which have led others to succeed, we will have found that decision of character plays the leading part in the great strife for success in our lives.       It lies with us to cultivate character. If we associate with intelligent people, of good moral stamina, and pass a fair amount of our time reading worthy literature, it will help greatly to lead us on the right way through life. And if to that we add honesty and truthfulness in our dealings with others, we will build up a character that will be of great worth and utmost importance to us.       Many, many of highly intelligent men and women have failed simply for the want of the right kind of courage at the moment of greatest need, and perhaps at the same time may have been able to see many less gifted ones press on to the higher and better places in life. All because of the lack of decision of character. It is no doubt true that “there is a tide in the affairs of men, which taken at the flood leads on to fortune,” though itis not every one that has the insight to tell the time of the flood; and sorry to say, many, after being able to tell it, have lost its advantages through lack of pluck to embark upon it before the ebb came, and the chance lost for all time.
