---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_005.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, J anuary 5, 1916

NO. 1

A SINGING HEART
By Roscoe G. Stott

Oh, for a singing heart within my breast
That in the stifled. sordid grind of all
Life’s common place, where petty cares hold
thrall,
My soul may throb with melody serene and
blest;
Or, bursting into some full chant of Hope,
Its notes may break the stillness of the night
For some, who, weeping in their sorry plight,
With all their bitter griefs but poorly cope.

Be mine a singing hcart that thrillsand cheers;
That wakes a counter melody; that lifts
To skyward from the murky passion-drifts;
That li.hts the eye self-blinded by its tears.
Be mine a singing heart, whose anthem floats
With God’s pure sun:hine woven through its
notes.

SUCCESS OF HONOR
SYSTEM AT BELLEFONTE

Also at Honor Road Camp at Parkdale,
Colorado

Our wide awake contemparary, Good Words,
makes mention of the Bellefonte construction
camp and says that in a recent number of the
Journal of Prison Dascipline and Philanthropy
there was a description of the new penitentiary
now under constructicn by the inmates at
Bellefonte, Center County, Pennsylvania.

The prison is being built on'an immense farm
of 5200 acres, bounded on one side by a beau-
tiful mountain to its first ridge Thereisa
stream of water large enough to generate pow-
er for electric lighting and vther purposes, while
the springs from the mountain side furnish an
abundant supply of pure drinking water. There
is an absence of walls and no armed guards
while the constructicn work is under way, over
400 inmates being employved. The attempts
at esca; e have been remarkably rare.

The Honor Road Camp at Parkdale, Color-
ado, is also very successful.  Accorcing to the
Yellowstone Journal, hére is a camp in exist-
ence over two and a half years with but one
violation of its rules and that the theft «f a
p 'ckage of tobacco. The punishment for this
offense was to return to the State Penitentiary,
and the deprivation of out door employment
and also by the fact that the individual h:d
thereby become ‘‘an outcast in the eyes of  his
fellow prisoners.”’ It must be understood that
of the population of se\enty five, fifty there,
are burgulars and robbers. ‘

We weonder if these facts were known to the
members of the American Prison Association

meeting at Oakland, California, in the month
of October, when they heard an attack upon
the extension of the honor system in state pen-
itentiaries, delivered by Judge Frick of the
Utah Supreme Court.

MISS DAVIS REQUESTED TO
RESIGN AS COMMISSIONER

But Mayor Mitchell Offers Her Position
On The Parole Board

Dr. Katherine B. Davis, Commissioner of
Correction, the first woman to hold an import-

ant administrative position in N. Y. city, re-

signed to accept an appointment by Mayor
Mitchell to the new Municipal Parole Board.
Her salary will be about the same as she re-
ceived as commissjoner.

A commission appointed to investigate con-
ditions at Blackwell’s Island and other places
of detention under the administration of Miss
Davis, found a most deplorable state of affairs
at the island, and unanimously recommended
her immediate removal. Rumors were to the
effect that the “Black Hole of Calcutta’” was
no worse than Blackwell’s Island under Miss
Davis’ rule.

Mayor Mitchell appointed Miss Davis as
Commissioner of Correction when he took of-
fice January 1, 1914. A few days before she
had resigned as superintendent of the Bedford
Reformatory for Women, which position she
had held since 1901.

ALL THE “TRUSTIES” RETURN

Over One Thousand Prisoners In North
‘Carolina Lived Up To Their Parole

All the prisoners released on parole for theé
holidays. faithfully kept their promise and re-
turned to the 10 State penitentiary camps and
100 county road building forces; reporting
promptly to the wardensand overseers, thus
proving themselves worthy of the trust im-
posed in them by Governor Craigof North
Carolina. :

The officers express great satisfaction
their 1eport to Governor Craig, at the fact
that every prisoner had returned to work. Al]
not allowed the liberty of going home were
cheered by their holiday and the happiness of
their fellow inmates.

Governor Crag’s order effected more than
1000, but only t wo slight ‘misdemeanors are re-
ported. These occurred “in Governor Craig’s
home town. Ashville when two liberated men
got drunk. They returred to camp punctually.

The Governor is reported' as being highly
pleased with his experiment, and says “he ‘will
give other privileges to the pnsoners ‘as the\f
prove themselves worthy of trust.’

in

KIRCHWEY NOW WARDEN

Osborne Retires As Warden Of The
N. Y. State Prison

According to latest reports Thomas Mott

Osborne decided early in November to retire
from the wardenship of Sing Sing on December
1, but when the Westchester Grand Jury Dbe-
gan its investigation, the Warden believed as
the result of a conspiracy against him, he de-
termined to stay and fight for vindication.
It was learned recently that before Super-
intendent of Prisons Riley sent the charges to
District Attorney of Westchester County that
things were not as they should be in Sing Sing.
Warden Osborne had written friends that he
had started prison reform in Sing Sing and was
ready to step down. : j

With his fellow-reformer, Dr. George W.-
Kirchwey, holding the reins at Ossining, Mr.
Osborne spent Sunday resting'in his home at
Auburn, preparatory to coming to New York
next week for the preparation of his defense
against the charges, of perjury, malfeasance
and personal immorality handed up by the
Grand Jury of Westchester last week.

In the meantime friends of Mr. Osborne in
New York City, have completed plans for a
great meeting of the prison reformer’s sup-
porters in Carnegie Hall this week. A group
of prominent New Yorkers who have taken
charge of the defense report innumeréble/
offers of ascistance, moral and financial,
all partsof the city and many
States.

Warden Kirchwey has take

from
from other

n up his duties as

warden and will carry out the reforms in-
augurated by Mr Osborne. After the New
Year’s dinner, Warden Kirchwey made his

first Addres\ to the prisoners, telling them that
he was in sympathy with modern methods of
prison management and that they would be
granted privileges in accordance with their geed
behavior and discipline. The prisoners séemed
pleased with his statement and he was 61\ eRn a
round of applause.

WORLD’S RECORD BROKEN

George Timlin, -a Philadelphia blacksmith,
smashed the world’s record by making 12 dozen
horseshoes in3 hours, 14 minutes and 50 cecond«.
The record, set by Joseph L. Apt, had been thc
same number of shoes in 4 hours, 49 minute:
and 26 seconds. -

The ¢ontest took place in the shopof Loui
A laeck, and was witnessed by a large gatl .
ering. Timlin began hlh recortlaw orI\ at7o, (‘IO(
in‘the morning. A

R SR A
