---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_006.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

_—

UNDER-RATING

The habit of belittling the great does not
make small men larger nor the large smaller,
and yet despite the utter want of purposes in
the process, there seems to be no quality in
humanity so exercised. Belittling has for its
subject every class of society; it begins with
authority which it carves, and of course it is
merciless with equals. Its ignorant and mean
purpose is not to recognize worth, and thus
attempt to undo it. It is the senseless trick
of the ostrich that imagines the whole body to
‘be enveloped in darkness, because its head is

- hidden. The beggar shrugs with complacency
at his low estimate of the nation’s president,
and forgets for a moment his penury and rags
in stretching to his full stature and feeling as
big as the chief executive. The illiterate en-
joy mocking laughter at the scholar and see
not the beauty, the grace and the light of in-
tellectuality in beholding an error that escaped
sweat-blinded and tired eyes. They lift them-
delves from “their stools, and kings of
thought are not as happy as are they
in their undermining conceits. The lazy,
glorying in belittling labor and in calling
ingenuity and skill hard names, preach equality
in the distribution of the fruits of toil, and so
try to hide their own incapacity.

The iolly, the shame and the crime of think-
ing that subtracting from our neighbor’s char-
acter or fame adds to our own. No, it dimin-
ishes the defamer and does not take a whit
from the excellency of the other,

Folly laughs at wisdom, igrorance at learnn-
ing, poverty at wealth, falshood at truth, and

"the devil dares to sneer in the wvery face of
Christ.—7%e Castle.

RECOMMENDS ABOLITION OF
JAILS IN THIS STATE

It .was decided that the abolition of county
jails, except as places of detention, and the es-
tablishment of six sectional farms in different
parts of the State be recommended, in a report
of , the committee on revision and amendment
of.:. penal laws of the State Bar association,
which was adopted at a meeting of the execu-
tive committee, of , that organization recently.

"~ The conditions  found to be existent at many

of the county jails were considered insanitary
and otherwise objectionable. The committee
also selected  Bedford Springs as the place
where. the next annual convention will be held.
Howard W. Page, of Philadelphia presided.'

UNEMPLOYED PLOBLEM SOLVED

The city.of Lynn., Massachusetts, has a pub-
lic forest of about.2,000 acres. It was recently
decided to help the unemployed by clearing up
this forest.  An appropriation of $ 20,000 was
made and 200 men set to work. In order fo
keep them at work when the appropriation
hecame exhausted, a campaign called the ‘“By-
a-cord-of-wood”” movement was started, and
proved quite successful. This practical aid for
the uremployed might wel] be adopted, with
variations, by other wide awake communities.

HONOR CLUB DELEGATES

official announcement
by the President for

The following 1s the
of Delegates appointed
the ensuing year, 1916:

1st B—B 6692, B 5377
3rd B—B 3998, B 7773
4th B—B 6748, B 6162
5th B—B 7949, B 7615
6th B—B 6530, B 6272
7th B—B 6924, B 6853
8th B—B 6292, B 7500
9th B—B 6936, B 6507 Wash House — B 5064
10th B—B'6495 Plum'g Shop—B 6092
Representative Delegates—A 8432, B 7927
Approved and O. K’d by
REUBEN C. McKENTY,
President.

GOVERN YOURSELF

11th;B=B7900
12th B—B 6673

5th G—DB: 6181

6th G—B 5757

7th G—B 5§7¢2. 5602
12th B, 1st G—B 7662
12th B, 2d G—B 6946

The subject of self-control is well presented
in the following article from the New Era:

‘“The best governed city is the cleanest, and ~

its people are the healthiest and happiest. It
1s the s<ame with the individual. The object of
government is to get people to be clean and
right, and, if possible, each one to govern him-
self.

To govern oneself, good judgment and a cer-
tain amount of executive ‘ability are essential
at the outset. One must stop and think before
acting rashly. This soon becomes a habit that
stands one in good stead. One must be able to
consider things wisely. He may not be able to
do this at first, but if he persists earnestly,
wisdom will come to his assistance. Trying to
exercise good judgment, is the way to attain
that quality. It developes it. Practice observ-
ing foolish acts of others and their following re.
sults, then avoid duplicating them. Learn to
examine both sides cf a question that presents
iteelt to you. Put yourself in the other fellow’s
place before you condemn him. The habit of
considering things seriously brings about a
thoughtful attitude, and nearly all wrong-doing

comes from thoughtlessness. A man may plan

a crime, but he will not commit it, if he thinks _

well over the probable consequences. So that
among the most deliberate sinners, thought-
lessness is a prominent tr.it.

Theiefore, rule yourself calmly and judici-
ously at all times. Why run to ask for the judg-
ment of another before you have at leist tried
to judge the proposition vourself? It
time to do so, whereupon you ca. compare
your self judgement with his and sec¢c wherein
you failed. There is a profit in knowing that.
All this self-training and self-ruling brings up
very naturally as to the accumulation of good
horse sense. Itit is well to imitate those who
do better and get on better than vourself, but
beware of imitating their faults. Shakespeare
said, “Assume a viitue if you have: it not,”’
which is clever, but in-doing so one ‘is liable
to get tangled up with some pet vice that be-
longs to manyia virtuous one. By always try-
ing to improve upon vourself, you get into the
habit of properly ruling yourself. Many very
desirable things: then follow. Among others,
vou get eut of prison, and STAY QUT.”

is then

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

LA

There is no obligation attached to the ‘‘ad” service of
this paper. but notices for publication must come through
your Overseer. A :

FOR SALE—ILadies’ hand-crocheted Irish
linen handkerchiefs at 50c; ladies’ hand cro-
cheted French lawn handkerchiefs at 35c. On
sale in storeroom for B 7032, 2 B. (xx)

PHOTOS enlarged on silk, reasbnab]e; Pic-
tures framed with passepartout; large selec-
(44)

some inlaid work, reasonable; am selling out.
B 5910 7 B. 45)

FOR SALE—Hand-painted postal cards with
envelopes, 6 for £5 cts. B 7652, 7 G (45)

FOR SALE—Toy Ducks, neat and life-like.
BEATSd 5.G MR, -
FOR SALE—A Strad model violin in good
condition, with case and bow, cost $30, will
sell for 8. B 6133, 3B, =~~~ (46)
FOR SALE—Clothes brushes, hair brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to
$1.50. B 1381, 7B. 47

post cards, also H. F C. cards, 6 for 25cts, in-
cluding envelopes. B 7254, 11B.  (47)

FOR SALE—Silver plated cornet, good as
new, cost $15, will «ell for $8. B 5366, 9B. (472

FOR EXCHANGE—A fine singing canary
for an accordion or guitar. B 7525, 9B. (47)

FOR SALE—Three breeding cages, 50c each.
B 5602, 7G. S Sy ~ (48)

FOR SALE—2 vols. on automobile install-
ing, management and repair. Cost $12, will
sell for $5. B 7362, 8B. (48)

FOR SALE—12 string Weymann’s concert
mandolin. Cost $15, sacrificefor$11. B688],
9B e Rl e T il (48)

FOR SALE—Extra nice toy furniture plain
and inlaid, 75 cents the suit Also fancy pin
cushions at 75 cents and up. B 6531,:6B. (49)

FOR SALE—Tromb;_t;e, in good ‘condifion,
worth $5 00 will sell for $3.50. B-72°2 4B (49)

OIL PAINTINGS on canvas, glass or wood.
any size, reasonable price.__iB_7_>730, 10R. (49)
" FOR SALE—Shawls, scarfs‘and tidies made

of best Germantown wool, 25¢ up. inspection .
invited. B (523. 7B ' (49)

FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern
deep-framine.  Post cards, photos. certificates,
etc., framed. Send vour number with request
to see work. B 7172, 12 B. (52)

FOR SALE—A fine s_inéing ca;;lr_v: also.a

new bhrass cage; $4 for both. Goj A
B 7285. 11 B. s ity ?%’5)

_ FOR SALE—Dainty silk ar_velvet pin cush-
ions gaily trimmed, in all colors, 25 cents each.
' (52)

B7ai 6B
FOR SALE—3 pictures 20x24 inches. and 36

Passe Partout pictures. Pri

B 6302, 0B rice reasona(%l;).
EOR (SALE— 100/ i tiies . ihoa i

homel B7206 6B - ey G?E%%
FOR MRS Moo g e

for $3. B 5808, 1 B. s (2111)I

FOR SALE—Mandolin and bonk of instr

: - | uc-
tion, in first-class condition. B 6745, 5 G.

o ( 1)

The bakers and cooks should be remembered
by the inmates with best wishes for the New
Year, for their efforts to provide good things
to eat during the holidays. ~ '

