---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_007.jpg
---
it.

. eyes of others.

THE UMPIRE

WHAT WE LOV]*J IS OURS

Charles Grant Mdler

Thisis a world of beauty, not to those who have

money to pluck and wear its roses, but to those

who have sou's sensitized. to the sweet odors.
With love of the beautiful in, man-and in
nature none can be poor; wnthout it none can
be rich. ‘ , L
Happmess is not carried in the pocket but
in the heart. Iy
The millionaire may make hlS thousand-acre
park in the rich valley and by ‘a fiction of the

law- call it his own; but it all is the front vard:

of the poorest squatter in the rudest cabin on
the rugged hillside. '
The one who has paid for it owns it? No!
It is most truly possessed by the one who
most enjoys it. :
What can a beautlful park mean to a man
whose heart is smothered in a money-bag?
And to him who loves the trees, the brooks,
the hills, the sky, what matters it who holds
the title? Why, Adam and Eve never had a
deed to Eden!
Descendants of theirs today hold deeds, but
not possession. It was not the land itself
which was taken away, but the power to enjoy

What we love is ours—and nothing more.
We can truly possess nothing that we sacri-
fice to our own selfish purposes. It isonly to
the man who is poor that wealth glows like a
bright star in the night. The law of recom-
pense always isin force. Itis only when dark-
ness shrouds the world that we can see the
light of a million others.

" Did we not learn in bathco<‘ that the bub-
ble is brilliant only until. we grasp it?

The gems in the, fine lady’s hair and at her
throat sparkle not fur her eyes, but for the
She owns only some costly
stones —never the priceless light that dances
in them. This priceless treasure is only for

~ them who love it, and for them it is scattered

broadcast at their very feet in countiess my-
riads of frost flakes on the brown winter earth

" and in the morning dewdrops in the summer

. grass.

1 possession end.
. then these stinging serpents of vice will creep,
| into the heart and make it their abode.

What we love we own—and there our real
If our love be greed and iust,

But
to the soul where love is pure all in the world
that is good and sweet flies straizht and swift

: as homing doves.

Yes, what we love is ours, and in the same
degree as we love, we own. All that is worth

+ while in the world we mav own, if we will.

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

We are pleased to acknowledge with thanks,
the receipt of 75 copies of the Sunday hymn
books, which were kindly donated
E. S. P. choir, by the Rev. J. G.. Bickerton,
D. D., of the. City Missionary . and Church
Extension Society of the M.E.. .Church, with
his best wishes forthe New Year. . .

to the

REPLY TO “WHERE IS MY

By Dr. Thomas Edwin Eldridge.
Wipe your weeping eyes ] Mother
For with joy I have to tell
That your Wandering Boy is saved tonight
And now with the Saviour dwells..

Chorus

Oh your boy is saved tonight
Oh your boy is saved tonight

He is freed from sin, He now lowv. es‘you agaxn
Oh your boy is saved tonight.

At last I've given myself to Christ.
Weary.and sick of sin

I've opened wide my wretched heart
And let the Saviour in.

So long I prayed, but prayed in doubt
That my Lora might forgive my sins

That Christ would save me as | was.
And cleanse my guilty stains.

My prayer was heard,
So now ['ll live for Him

Who died that you and all mankind
May ever dwell in Heaven.

Now you who have heard this joyful news
Of one once lost in sin

Accept His Grace, believe His VVor(l
And live as unto Him. ;

BREAD CAST UPON THE WATERS

““The esteem of one’s fellow men is a thing
everyone wants. And this, too, is marked with
a price in plain figures. It is indicated in the
maxim: He who would have friends must
show himself friendly.

To make others love you there is no other
recipe than for you to love them. :

You get from the world just about the love
and good-will you put into it It is.  easy to
criticise and to see unlovable qualities in folks.
Give yourself up te this tendency and you dis-
cover sooner or later that men regard you, too,
with an unamable eye.

But encourage good and kindly judgements,
look for the admirable qualitiesin all you meet,
be loyal and loving yourself and this bread you
have cast upon the waters shall surely return to
y()u ;

U. Ss. PRISONERS TO HAVE
AUTOMATIC PAROLE

From the columns of Good Words, we are
pleased to learn that the report relative to the
proposed parole law seems to be correct. It is,
in effect, that the bill seeking to provide auto-
matic parole for first offenders upon completion
of one-third of their time, is. we understand on
good authority, to be introduced concurrently
in the Senate and House, at this session of Con-
gress, where it has every indication of passing.
Good Luck gentlemen!

»-“‘Each day the world is born anew for him
who takes it rightly.’” ... :

WANDERING BOY TONIGHT” ” IN LIGHTER VEIN

~ he likes you?

my sins forgiven

’

‘Do you, know,’

said- the successful mer-

chant pompously, ‘‘that; . began life as a ‘hare-

)

foot boy’: P i
‘“Well,”’ said h\s clerk I wasn’t.born . with
shoes on either.’ ity : :
eﬁ
““Daughter,’” said the father, “your young
man, Rawlings, stays until a very’ late hour.
Has"not your mother said’ somethmg t'o you

- about this habit of his?’*"

'““Yes, Father,” replied the daughter swee“ﬂl}';
“Mother says men haven’t altered a bit:"™

e

“Oh,
she greeted her caller; ‘‘so you have. heen
making friends with Fido! And do. you think

“Well,”’ said - Mr. gm;th grnnl), I doh't
believe he’s quite decided vet——he’s; only had
one bite of me, and he seems to want. another.’

vy

‘"The news of the youno womdn ’s engagement
had ]ust been made public. She was In the
little store one day when the clerk lallghnug
said: Well ste Gertrudc 2! see it’s commo
off soon

The young woman caught nervously at’ her
clothing ‘‘My goodne%s_!’ ‘she said. :

Pat was in the museum looking at a copy. of
the “*“Winged Victory.’

“And phat may yez call thot”’ he asked an
attendant. .

“That is a statue of Vi-ctory sityit was. the
answer. ; s 4

Pat surveyed the headless and armless statue
with renewed interest.

SHicthrygis itniitie said, ““Thin,
0i’d loike to see the other fellow.”

j ]

Little Raqtlle was becoming very objection-
able in school because his wool was growing
longer and longer, far beyond the cutting stage.
The teacher tried hinting to no purpose, and
then told him outright to go have his hair cut,
giving him a quarter for the purpose.

Rastus broke out crying ;and said: ‘“No,
Ma’am, I dassn’t hab it cut. My mammy she
wants a new switch and she’s done a-growin’

begorry,

it on me.”’

S

The impractical man and his wife were mov-
ing from one flat to another and were: discuss-
ing ways of saving moving expenses..

¢We can carry lots of things ourselves,’
said the wife: “Forexample, I will wear my
winter coat over and then leave it and. come
back for my spring cdat, which . I

will wear

over on the next trip.’ D
Thisidea charmed theimpractical man: Why,
I can do the same thing!"”” he cried. ‘' I. cam

wear one suit of clothes over and: leaye it.and
come back:for another: vt ins

’Ix Smlth & Ll‘le(] thc young ]d(l}, 'lS

“What?”’
