---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_008.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

-

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery. .

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

’

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, January 12, 1916

PrisoN PorpurLaTioN—Males 1507. Females
29, Total 1536. Last serial number B 8076.

—————— ]

BEARING OUR BURDENS CHEERFULLY

The happy faculty of being cheerful under
varied and trying circumstances is quite a dif-
ferent thing from the occasional and boisterous
kind of cheerfulness with which we are more
or less familiar. The latter hardly impresses us
" as worthy of emulation, for we areoften some-
what amazed at the slender causefor its exist-
ence, and not a little annoyed by its egotism
and aggressiveness. As an instance the thought
of suffering of any form would not necessarily
produce a feeling of cheerfulness, and when
this seems to be the case, it may impress the
observer as misplaced and entirely unnatural.

In Shakespeare’s play, ‘‘As You Like It,”’
the banished Duke suggests a deer hunt to
brighten the spirits of his party, and he is in-
formed by a lord in waiting that the melan-
choly Jacques grieves at this pursuit.

“And in that kind, swears you do more usurp
Then doth your brother that hath banish’d you.”

Here we have the case of a wise man who
grieved at the sight of a suffering deer, and so
earned the title of “melancholy,’” in reality he
manifests in the glimpses that we get of his
character a deep cheerfulness, due, no doubt,
to his insight into human nature and his aloof-
ness from the prevailing worldliness. Such
mental detachment as this would seem to be the
real starting point for unfailing cheerfulness,
because it means release from those weather-
cock like movements of thought absorbed with
the fickle elements of worldly success,

Bearing in mind the words of Him who' has
sifted the values of every experience in this
thought world of ours, we recall His saying,
“Be of good cheer, I have overcome the world.”
In this saying we are given a reason for cheer-

fulness, which should supersede all theories on
the subject, but even without this injunction,
or without a proper comprehension of the rea-
son for it, those whose natures are truly unsel-
fish would always be cheerful.

Every effort to become unselfish is accom-
panied by a like inclination to ‘‘make the best
. of circumstances,”” and which under any con-
ditions is advantageous, and of untold value.
The so called “‘last straw’ will have little or

know,

no effect upon the camel’s back when deprived
of its seeming weight by a ray of cheerfulness
lighter than air. A sage observes, in the mo-
ment of his direct misfortune, that ‘‘it’s only
a seasoning, and we must all be seasoned one
way or another. That’s religion, that is, you
> Conditions at the time were such
that any argument which refused consent in
their seeming ability to depress was an actual
boon. True cheerfulness is always optimistic,
and is neither fluctuating nor aggressive; unos-
tentacious it warms into radiant glow when
faced by conditions which are considered de-
pressing, sad and discouraging—emerging al-

. ways triumphant over them.

FRIENDSHIP

In looking over the well edited columns of
The Castle we found the following article which
is well worthy persuing.

Friendship is the very beginning of happi-
ness in'the heart. It is a rare and gracious
plant, and is found in its purity and power,
only here and there among the hosts of men
and women who dot the earth’s surface by
their moving forms and their faces. Friendship
is not love, but in a certain sense it is some-
thing finer and more divine. It does not co-
exist with passion in any form, while love al-
ways contains more or less of the passion ele-
ment. Friendship is never purely selfish, as
love frequently is, although a measure of self-
ishness, perhaps, is inseperable from all things
human. But the nearest thing to the loves and
joys of the angels above, is the earthly friend-
ship of two human spirits.

As the years pass, and experience proves
betrayal and falsene:s, encountered oftener
than sincerity and loyalty, the following pass-
age from Lord MacauJay becomes poignant
in its personal application, ‘“The more I see
of the world, and the wider my acquaintance
becomes, the narrower
clusive my affections grow. There are
not ten persons in . the world whose
deaths would spoil my dinner, but there
are one or two whose deaths would break my
heart.”” How rare is the lofty and just mind,
which nothing can influence, which believes
not, though evidence points irrefutably, but
which trusts in the integrity of the spirit, even
though actions do not conform with the pris-
tine promise! Such friendship is an oasisin
the desert of lost illusions, and banished hopes,
when dreams have been followed by reality,
and all that the heart desired and followed
after, during the years, has vanished in the
mist, and left no trace. The echo of Portia’s
plea to the Venetian Tribunal, comes through
the centuries as the strains of the softest mu-
sic, pleading, imploring—

and more ex-

““The quality of mercy is not strained,

It droppeth as the gentle dew from heaven.’’

Charity and mercy are one and inseparable.
They temper the exuberance and buoyancy of
youth, glorify old age—together they strew
flowers over life’s long road, ’till after night,
day breaks, and the tiring vision beholds ‘“facc
to face’” what before it has but seen darklv
through a glass. :

THE FRAME-UP OF OSBORNE

An eastern paper in commenting editorily on
the frame-up of Thomas Mott Osborne, has
very aptly expressed its opinion as follows:
Warden Osborne may have been a failure asthe
head of the New York State prison at Sing
Sing. The general public certainly does not
think ‘so, but it sometimes happens that
the public does not size up a man correctly for
a time, although in the long run its judgments
are pretty sound and sane However, it may
be that Osborne was a misfit at Sing Sing. But
it will probably take more than the present
“frame-up’’ in New York to convince the
public that it is wrong. The trouble with the
so-called ‘‘investigation’’ of Osborne is that
everybody could see, from the start, that the
investigators were out ‘get’’ the warden of
Sing Sing. The*‘frame-up’’ was too plain for
the public to make much mistake about it.
No matter what the testimony, the investiga-
tors wanted to twist it to something to the
warden’s discredit. Whitman needed some
sort of an excuse before he was willing to dis-
miss the warden. He wanted to please the
politicians, but he did not care to make too
bare-faced a job of Usborne’s political excution,
So the ‘‘investigation’’ furnished the excuse

A4 FABLE OF AESOP

It is an unfoitunate condition of mind of
many that they seek to have their wishes grati-
fied by the use of force or a mean spirit
of aggres ivenes , when a few words spoken
in a request, or a slight explanstion made
would be fully aseffective in securing the reali-
zation of their desires We recall to mind a
fable of Aesop which illustrates this:

A dispute once arose between the Wind and
the Sun, which was the stronger of the tw., and
they agreed to put the point upon this issue,
that whichever soonest made a traveller take off
his cloak, should be accouiited the more power-
ful. The Wind began, and blew with all his
might and main a blast, cold and fierce as a
Thrician storm; but the stronger he blew the
closer the traveller wrapped his cloak around
him, the tighter he grasped it with his hands,
Then out broke the Sun; with his welcome
beams he dispersed the vapor and the ccld; the
traveller felt the genial warmth, and as the
Sun shone brighter and brighter, he sat down,
overcome with the heat, #nd cast his cloak on
the ground. ;

Moral. Persuasion is better than force, and
the sunshine of a kind aud gentle ma ner will
sooner lay op¢n a poor m. n’s heart than all the
threatenings and fo.ce of blustering authority

g The only remedy is to come out of one’s self
In order to find peace. We must rehou ce
ourselves, and lose all self interest, that we
may no longer have anything to lose, tn fear
or to contrive. Then we shall enjoy the true:
peace reserved for ‘‘men of gccd will’’; that
is, for those who have no longer any will but
God’s, which becomes theirs. Ther. men will
not be able to harm us: they can no longer

attack us through our hopes or our fears.—
Fenelon, ' .

o e e

it
s

n Py S T T R
I RS A e s e
