---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_009.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

O e = ——
Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelpbia, January 12, 1916

INQ2

THE CUP OF LIFE

By Alice Dooley

Oh, what is life worth if 'tis not for another?
When we dip in the deep well of life for a draft
If the cup is not held to the lips of a brother
"T'will change into bitterness while it is quaffed.

Drink deep, then; begrudge not your soul its
full measure

Of happiness; sing like a bird if you’re gay.

But whetheryou’re happy 6rsorl‘0w'lel, treasure

The chance to give happiness, just for a day.

GOVERNOR WHITMAN ASKS
FOR RILEY’S RESIGNATION

Superintendent of Prisons Says He Will
Not Resign. The Position Has Been
Offered to Gen’l Theo. A. Bingham

At last public opinion has impressed Gov-
ernor Whitman with the necessity of taking a
hand in the Osborne frame np, and he has ask-
ed John R. Riléy, State Superintendent of
Prisons, for his resignation. The Superinten-
dent says he will not resign. At least that was
his attitude when he left N. Y. city the other
day, accompanied by his confidential agent, P.
H. McDonald, and George Weed, his chief
clerk. Riley now claims that he has been made
the victim of a scheme planned by Thomas M.
Osborne and Warden Kirchway to ‘get the
‘superintendent,”” and that he can establish
this fact to the satisfaction of the Governor if
he gets a chance.

“[ intend going back to Albany,”’ Superin-
tendent Riley told his friends, ‘‘and before I
get through with this whole matter somebody
will know more about the prison situation in
this State than they ever knew before. I am
not going to be made the victim of trickery,
and [ am frank to say I believe the Governor
has been imposed upon and deceived. I won’t
resign.’’

Information from Albany states that Gene: al
Theodore A. Bingham will be the new Superin-
tendent of prisonsif he cares to take'the place.
General Bingham came to the capitol recently
in responce to an urgent message from Gov-
ern r Whitmin. For more than an hour he
and the Governor discussed the prison situa-
tion . It is belieied that the Executive let the
former New York Police Commissioner know
that if their veiws were in harmony he could
have the place.

After the conference General Bingham in-
dicated that he would accept the poeition if it
is formalle offered to him.

" plotters

PUBLIC SENTIMENT FORCES
CONSPIRATORS TO
GIVE NAMES

Grand Jury Withdraws Former Indict-
ment Against Osborne But Will
Present A New One

Public sentiment in N. Y. State has been so
aroused over the frame-up of former Warden
Osborne, that those at the back of the move-
ment are being forced to show their hand.
This was not anticipated by the “gang’ and they
are now somewhat ‘‘at sea’’ 'as to the best
move to make in order tuv cover up the nefari-
ous schemes that actuated their malice and
spirit of revenge in seeking the former wardens
removal. ‘That the Westchester County Grand
Jury has been a pliant tool in the hands of the
is but too evident. To lessen the
odium of their situation they have made a
change of front and will divulge the source of
the su called evidence against Mr. Osborne.
An indication of thisis to be had in the fact
that they have decided to drop the former in-
dictments and take up a new one. The Jury
will reconvene to day and it is expected that
they will vote on an indictment to supersede
the one found recently.

It now seems doubtful if the jurors will hear
any more testimony. It issaid the new endict-
ment, which will contain six counts under the
specific heading of mismanagement, will be
more direct in the accusation than the original
and that certain inmates in the prison who were
designated as “‘unknown’’ will be named.

The conspirators have learned that inqusi-
tional methods are nolonger to be tolerated in
this age and time, and the sooner they ‘‘take
to the bush’ to hide their dirty intrigue per-
haps the better it will be for their future welfare.

[

LARGEST AUTO SHOW
ON RECORD

Grand Central Palace Thronged With A
Crowd of 51,000 In One Day

The automobile show just closed at N. Y.
city was the largest ever held at the Grand
Cenliral Palace—the biggest show in attend-
ance, the biggest in the number and character
of exhibits. The show has been a record-
breaker in every way. The attendance was
51,000, in one day, that being a record for
attendance up to that time. The managers of
the show express great satisfaction at the re-
sults of this year’s show.

The buying capacity of the crowds has been
even more impressive, in comparison with the

visitors of former years, than the numbers who
have veiwed the outomobiles on display. Rep-
resentatives of the manufacturers of complete
cars and accessories said that the volume of
business done by them had exceeded all ex-
pectations and were optimistic,

KENTUCKY’S GOVERNOR
URGES REFORMS

Laws Advocated to Control Trusts and
Abolish Prison Labor

Governor A. Q. Stanley, in his message to
the State Legislature, which recently convened
in biennial session, advocates that a law be
enacted abolishing State prison contract labor
and the emploving of prisoners on highways,
as the State Constitution provides.

The Governor called attention to the anti-
quated system of handling prisoners, and ad-
vised that modern methods be adopted in that
State.

Governor Stanley also: recommends the en-
actment of a more adequate and stringent an-
ti-trust act; and the enactment of a corrupt
practices measure, in order that the people
may know ‘‘what amounts are spent by candi-
dates and by campaign committees for the
purpose of controlling elections.”

THE VICTOR COMPANY .
; INSURES ITS EMPLOYES

At a recent meeting of the directors and
officers of the Victor Talking. Machine Co.
of Camden, N. J., it was decided to provide
an insurance of $1000 for every employe of
the company who has been on the payroll
more than five years and who, at death, isin
good standing in the Victor Employes’ DBene-
flcial Association. For employes of less than
five years there is an insurance of $750.

It also was decided that all employes not
receiving straight pay should draw $5 weekly
in case of indisposition.

Placards wereplaced about the plant recent-
ly announcing the fact that the asscciation
had decided to raise its share of the death
benefits to $270 and that the company had
agree'l to give $750. making a total of $10C0.
The announcement was hailed with delight by
the thousands of employes of the big concern,

Gets A State Contract

F. H. Keiser & Co, of Pottstown, got the
contract for the new administration building,
two cottages and corridors at the State insti-
tution for Epileptics and Feeble-Minded at
Spring City. That for the electric work was
given to Walker & Kepler and for heating to
W. M Anderson, of Philadelphia. No figures

were given out.
