---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_010.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

—— 

THE UMPIRE
W
Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers :

Printed. at the Eastern State Pemtentxary Phlladelphla
every Wednesday

MSS. —Ongmal matter, adaptablc to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes avallable
Re;ected art icles will not be retumed .

All communications should- be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer.. who will see to
delivery. i ik

To insure attention, all artlcles must be signed with the
writer’s reglstered number.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, January 5, 1916
p———————
PrisoN PopuLAaTiON—Males 1517. _Females
29, Total 1546 Last serial number B 8076
W

UPLIFT FOR OTHERS

Among the many men of my acqualntange
in the past, there was one man who has always
loomed up before me with a distinct vividness.
When he saw a kind act, or heard an elevating
thought expressed, or noted a charitable deed,
he was quick to express his commendation
either by letter or in peison. To one who has
been so fortunate as to receive words of cheer
or encouragement from this warm-hearted man
the occasion is riot to be forgotten for many a
day, if ever. This leads to an introspec-
tion of our own frailties and brusqueness, and
to cogitate whether this inspiring habit of
dropping words of good cheer. isn’t a halut
worthy of emulation?

Perhaps you may have a realorvimaginary
grievance against another, ‘and feel that you
are Juenﬁed in giving him all that’s comlng to
him, and that there is no chance for an excuse
in favor of the other fellow for hls attitude
toward you. Perhaps you may- feel that it is
up to you to show him what you think of him

“and express it in words that are more forceful

than elegant.

Admitting that there are occasions when it
would be almost cowardly to hold in, yet in
most cases it is best to “count fifty,”’ or “‘to
sleep on it,”” before making reply. Many a
sharp or cutting retort bas been made, or a
violent encounter has taken place, simply be-
cause of the lack of a little careful thought.
Be that as it may. Is it not better to stop,
look and wait for a second thought within the

mind than to say an irretrievable word, or at

commit an irrevocable act for which you will
be sorry all the days of your life? If you
think you are justified' in making a stinging
rebuke to another for the relief of your griev-
ance, do not air your troubles publicly, but
go and see the individual who has aroused the
spirit of resentment and. have it out with him.
Don't talk it over with Tom, Dick, or Harry,
who don't care a fiddle string about your
troubles, unless it is to spread the gossip:

We remember something about “‘a soft an-
swer that turneth away wrath.” Would it
not be just as well to take heed in this wise
and save the after heart burning? Surely! But

there are many people in the world who hold
to a grudge, and throw diplomacy to tbe
winds. To such, words of caution are a waste
of breath. Believing that it is wise to still the
song of hate, would it not be well to find
another and better substitute? Are we not
blessed by the glowing presence of those who
bring into our lives comfort and cheer?

‘1t is doubtful if there is anyone who doesn’t
want to hear words of encouragement and
cheer at some time in their lives, and generally
most people want all the brightness, all the
good nature and cheer of life that can be had.
Such are always grateful to the bringers of joy
in whose presence there is no sting of sarcasm
or meanness. They look for encouragement.
They-want to be made to think that they still
have a chance in life no matter how barren of
results they may have been in the past.

At no time has the world been more in need
than now, of those who can uplift and in-pire

others instead of those who decry and discour-
age. This is a world of imperfections and
there are countless leakages and slacknesses to
be corrected, and it is a real service to go to
work with good heart and care to point them
out, and to correct them if possible. It shows
a mean spirit to be always on the lookout

for trouble instead of the better and
nobler aims in life. “If a man would
be held in grateful remembrance for a

while, let him—shutting his eyes as tight as he
pleases to the bauble of fame—be kindly and
human and look for all the wonderful goodness
that still lives in the world, and learn to give
an understanding sympathy that is infinitely
greater than all the gold of Ophir and as
strong as the wind and the'sea.”’

CHILI)RE]\" S CHRISTMAS FUND

In the following issue we will print the
numbers of the inmates of this institution who
in kindl_y spirit gave their offering to help make
a Christmas for the kiddies that might other-
wise have been neglected, owing the  plight
of their fathers incarceration here, and their
inability to provide the much desired cheer for
the innocent and loved ones. The ‘‘Big Bro-
ther’” movement was a complete success in so
far as that all were provided for whose 1eeds
were made known to those in charge of the
matter, and the many expressions of thanks to
be heard from various persons would seem tn be
indicative of sincere gratitude on their part for
the remembrance from the warm hearted men
“Cherry Hill." To every one who contri-
buted toward making this Children's Fund a
success, we extend the happiest felicitations for

the New Year, and without doubt they will be

many times rewarded for their generosity in
ways that should prove most gratifying to them.,

There were two hundred and thirty three
children provided for, which is. nearly twice the
number that received presents the year pre-
vious, Twenty two infants at the “Sheltering
Arms’ Mission, also received a generous‘package
from the ‘““Big Brothers’’ of ‘“Cherry Hill.”’
‘‘And now abideth faith, hope and charity,
these three; but the greatest of these is Char-
ity.”” And charity means Love,

TRUE HEROISM

It is true that old heroism is dead We shall

never again have a Jason felling the pines of

Pelion, building ships with highly colored
poops, and going forth to strive with snaky
dragons in wandering search of the Golden
Fleece. We shall never again have eallant
knights with ringing gauntlets and jingling
spurs going forthin quest of romantic adven-
ture, liberating ladies in distress from donjon
towers, or seeking in far off lands for the Holy
Grail. These exploits are gone' forever with
the world’s old dreams. But as they have dis-
appeared, a New Heroism has risen for the
race. It is by far the greater heroism that
goes down to seek and serve in the thick of
things where worn men and weary women are
caught in folds of the great dragon of social
injustice. Itisa true heroism that strives to
free the poor and misguided captives caught in
the great drag-net of greed and graft. lere
truly is the field for the great spiritual and
moral adventures of the future.

WHO AM I

I am more powerful than the combined
armies of the world. ’

I have destroyed more than all the wars in
the world. |

I am more deadly than bullets and I have
wrecked more homes than the mightiest of
siege guns.

I steal, in the United States alone,
$3(0,000,000 each year.

I spare no one, and I find my victims among
the rich and poor alike; the young and the old;
the strong and the weak; widows and orphans
know me.

I loom up to such proportions that I cast my
<hadows over field of labor, from turning of the
grindstone to the moving of every railroad train.

I massacre thousands upon thousands of
wage earners in a year.

I lurk in unseen places and .do most of my
work silently. You are warned against me
but you heed not.

[ am relentless. I am everywhere; in the
home, on the streets, in the factory, at rail-
road crossings, and on the sea. 1

I bring sickness, degradation and yet few
seek.to avoid me.

i destroy, crush or maim;
take all. .

I am your worst enemy.

I am CARELESSNESS!

over

THE OPTIMIST

By Albert

Though my heart is filled with sadness,
From my lips flow words of glad: ess;
And with smiles I bid a welcome

To each day!

Thus my pains gives way to p‘leasure,
Peace and joy in ample measure;

And I still emerge triumphant

From the fray! ' .

I givenozhing, but

;Exchange,.
