---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_011.jpg
---
" WORTH KNOWING

Among the many able men of our time may
be mentioned James M. Baldwin, ‘of Princeton,
N J. He is the possessor of a number of college
degrees and a manof marked ability and learn-
ing, having held many important positions in
associations for futhering the study of psy-
chology and sociology. For his work on social
ethics be was awarded a gold medal by the
Royal Academy of Demark, and he has been
the editor of several scientific publications.

*
*

*

Joseph W. Powell, president of the Fore
River Shipbuilding Corporation, is a man of
advanced ideas and large heart; he looksupon
his em, loyes as a big family and treats them
as such. At his suggestion the employes have
formed a band which gives open air concerts in
season, and a dramatic and literary club which
has mad. sufficient advance to stage a first-
~class vaudeville show. Fo keep the men in-
tere ted at all seasons he makes it a personal
matter to vi~it the va.ious baseball and bowl-
ing clubsand offers prizes to those havirg the
highest scores and standing.

*
*

But few know that the genial stage favorite,
Maude Adams, »as born at Salt Lake City,
Utah, under the name f Kiskadden. Herearly
years were pent in an atmosphere of the thea-
ter and she re:eived an early training for a
stage career under the instruction of her
mother who wa- a1 actress, When sixteen she
became a member of E. H. Southern’s com-
pany, playing in the Mid. ight Bell. Shefinally
joined the Frchmau Stock company, and later
was with John Drew. In 1901 she played with
Sarah Bernhardt and afterward achieved dis-
tinction in plays written by J. M. Barrie, par-
ticula ly in Peter Pan, The Little Minister,
and What Every Woman Knows. In theplays
Chantecler and L’Aigion she also attracted
much attention.

* (2 *

One of the best known artist in the country
is Rose O’Niel; wher ever she paints a picture
she adds her own personal mark to it. She
adopted the ¢ nventional Cupid and usedto add
it to her signature. At first it wasa well set-up,
well behaved, regulation Raphael sort of Cupid,
but having a great deal to do and little time to
doitin, caused herto hurry her signature. Final-
ly the little Cupid got all out of drawing, as art
critics say; his little “tum’” was too large, his
eyes large and shiny, accidentally caused by
hastily made jabs with an over-filled pen.

‘A friend advised her to draw some more of
those funny little thii gs, and so the artist be-
gan making these litile babies that were once
only Cupids, and she sold them everywhere,
A little girl, asking what they were, was told
that they were ““Cupids’’ and she explained to
her mother, “see the pitt. kewpies!”” That
settled it. Rose O’Niel knew she had a name
for them. After that the children got tired of
cutting them out of magazines and wanted
some real “‘kewp es’’ to handle. There are, or
were before the war, thirty German toy fac-
tories manufacturing these “kewpies”.

THE UMPIRE
ETIQUETTE

By Chelsa Sherlock.

1

Etiquette is a customary form of action:
nothing more, nor less. People who are anx-
ious about their manners seldom have the
simon-pure article at heart.

Etiquette is an odd delusion, of the age. It
is impossible for anyone to set up a formula for
good behavior. Iron clad rules never fit and
some ignorant boor will break them and down
goes your little god of fashion.

Fora while elbows on the table were an
evidence of poor manners. Then an ignorant
fool came a‘long having money galore and
rested his pins on the table. Immediately the
whole fashionable world fell in line and the
pendulum swung the other way.

Which goes to prove that etiquette is largely
a matter of form, and the theory of manners
is a fetish.

Etiquette is alright in its place, but its place
is limited. Americans always have had a hard
time with Etiquette and Dame Fashion.

We do not need manners as much as weneed
more sense, :

When Elbert Hubbard wore long hair, used
slang and wrote advertisements, people said
some mean things about him, but there are
hundreds of good, honest people who are try-
ing to be Elbert: Hubbards now.

When Christ plucked grain on the Sabbath
and mingled with the Underworld, He was
hencef. rth marked for slaughter.

When Lord Byron told Society that it was
dead wrong, the world commenced to breed
cynics and pessimists by the car load.

It was a forgotten preacher whosaid: ‘‘How
prudently some men creep into nameless graves
while a few forget themselves into immortal-
ity !”’

Society etiquette and manners are like war,
and belong principally on the other side of the
Atlantic where they had their birth.

The man who lives according to the impulses
of his better self—who forgets himself in the
doipg of a kind act, will fit into any -circle.
The man who lives by a code of rules isa
helpless.creature when he gets outside of his
community.

And, lastly, let it be your rule, if you must
have one: Never to do that which, if done
at all would cause sorrow or offense to an-
other.

HE GOT THE RAISE

The diminutivé office boy had worked hard
on a salary cof two dollars a week. He wasa
subdued little chap, faithful and quiet. Fin-
ally, just before the New Year, he plucked up
courage enough to ask for an increase

“ How much more would you like?’” inquired
his employer.

«Well,” answered the lad, “Idon’t think
fifty cents more a week would be too much.”’

““ou are rather a small boy to be earning
two do'lars and a half a week."”

““[ know I am small,”” he replied, ‘““but, to
tell the truth, since I've worked here [’'ve been
s0 busy I haven’t had time to grow.”’

He got the raise.

IN LIGHTER VEIN

““When you leave on the train,”” said the
young man yearningly, ‘I will throw you a
kiss.”

‘““But,’’ rejoined the girl, “don’t you know
that it isn’t polite to throw things at people?
You should always give them.”’

o

“You say you haven't anything to be thank-
ful for?”’ said the clergyman to one of his
parishioners. ‘“Why look at your neighbor
Hayes; he has just lost his wife by influenza.”’

““Well,”” said the parishioner, ‘‘that don’t do
me any good; I ain’t Hayes.”’

H

Ferdie had just proposed to Millie.

“No, Ferdie,”” she said, ‘‘I cannot marry
you. The man who gets me must be a grand
man, upright and square.”’ '

“My dear girl,”’ said Ferdie,
want a man. You want a piano.”

: S

“Pa,”’ said Tommy, asking his fifty-first
question that evening, "‘is a vessel a boat?”’

“Well, yes,”” said Pa, trying to read his pa-
per; ‘‘you can call a vessel a boat, certainly.”

“Well, what kind of a boat is a blood vessel?"’

“A lifeboat, of course. Now run off to bed.”’

S

“Why, Willie,” said the Sunday-school
teacher in a pained voice, ‘‘have you been
fighting again? Didn’t you learn in last Sun-
day’s lesson that when you are struck on one
cheek you ought to turn the other one to the
striker?’’

“Yes'm agreed Willie; ‘‘but he hit me on the
nose, and I've only got one.”’ ;

““you don’t

At the wedding breakfast the bridegroom,
an exceedingly bashful young man, was called
upon to speak, in spite of the fact that he had
pleaded to be excused. Blushing to the roots
of his hair he rose, intending to say that he
was no speechmaker, but, unfortunately plac-
ing his hand on the bride’s shoulder, he stam-
mered these opening (and closing) words:

“This—er—this thing has been thrust upon

79

me,

&

A man walking along the street of a village
stepped into a hole in the sidewalk and broke
his leg. He engaged a famous lawyer, brougt
suit against the village for one thousand dollars
and won the case. The city appealed to the
Supreme Court, but again the great lawyer
won. ;

After the claim was settled the lawyer sent
for his client and handed him one dollar,

““What’s this?’’ asked the man.

“That’s your damages, after taking out my
fee, the cost of appeal and other expenses,’’ re-
plied the counsel.

The man looked at the dollar, turned it over
and carefully scanned the other side. Then he
looked up at the lawyer and said: ‘“‘What’s

the matter with thisdollar? Isita counterfeit?"’
