---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_013.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

VOL. V

EX WARDEN TELLS OF PRISON
CONTROVERSY IN N. Y. STATKE

Mr. Osborne Makes Some Plain State-
ments at New Rochelle, N. Y. Alout
Affairs at Sing Sing Prison

Special To The | mpire

Ex-Warden Thomas Mott Osborne addressed
a crowded house at the Forum, New Rochelle,
N. Y. thcother evening, and el ctrified his
hearers with some plain statcments of the
prison controversy now at its critical stage in
that state. The following account gives all
the principal points of his speech.

Mr. Osborne began his remarks by saying
that there had been so many rumors, so many
stories told of about the condition of prison
affairs at Sing Sinyz, that the real issues had be-
come clouded, so that it was difficult to see the
real issues on account of the cloud of mis-
state nents. The real issue between the Gov-
ernor and Superintendent Riley was due to the
fact that the Superintendent had taken out of
the Warlen’s hands the power to list the n en
to be sent to other prisons, owing to the
over crowded condition.at Sing Sing.

It is beyond question that the Warden should
know best who to send out and who not to
send. It has happened repcatedly that after
these lists had been made out and the men
made ready for transfer, that Riley would over-
rule-and change the lists, very much to the
detriment of discipline and the prison system.
Recently the Superintendent ordered sixty men
sent away without consultiig Warden Kirch-
way, and it was most natural that the men
should think it a showing of bad faith.

Following quickly upon this, Riley ordered
that thirty men be transferred, consistirg of
the leading members of the Mutual Welfare
League. Among them the Band leader, the
Warden’s butler, and al of his house-men, the
stenographer of his office, the principal of the
night school, the hcad waiter of the mess hall,
the head of the Treasury department and both
leaders of the It lian and of the Negro factions;
thus crippling the workinz o! the League.

The prisoners, not being aware that this
change was made by an order fiom Superin-
tendent Riley, thought Warden Kirchwey to
blame

Fortunately the Warden determined not to
be discredited, and took the matter to Gov-
ernor Whitman for adju-tment. The Governor
seeing the status of affairs in Riley’s attempt
to destroy the League and override the Warden,
immediately asked for Superintendent Rilev’s
resignati n, thus bringing matters to a head.

Last July two clerks were sent by the Super-
‘ntendent to make up the lists over my head

Philadelphia, January 19, 1916
e e Ot R e L O

- munity

THE UMPIRE |-

and as a result we had the first case of suicide
during my administration.. This ail goes to
demorstrate that Riley would leave no stone
unturned in order to effect his designs.

The priicipal charge that the Superintendent
has tried to bolster up. against’ me was in
doub!’ny up in the cells; which in reality was
the very thing that [ have tried the hardest
to avoid. Just think «f putting a man ina
cell 7 by 314 feet, and expecting to reform him!

The cells are damp, and most of them are
imperfectly lighted. To put one man in one
of these cells isa crime, butto put two men
in, is a henious crimne. To relieve this con-
dition, | took the top flocr of a building once
used as a dormitory and put two hundred iron
beds nto it. As soon as Riley heard of it, he
immediately gave orders against its use, so
that he could carry out his contention of my
doubling up,

Sing Sing is not a difficult place to escape
from if one is determined to get away. For all
that, only three escapes were made from theie
in the year past, as against an average of 9.4
for the past seven years.

Under the League system nearly all favors
are granted to the League, so that whatever
cach member does is for or against the com-
life at the prison. In that way the
members of the League are zealous of thelr
privileges and watch each othor so there are
few e:capes and comparatlvel,\/ few complaints
or misdemeanors. This condition is about as
the men would find it ¢n the outside.

Much has been printed about assaults and
disruotion at the prison, so I will quote a few
figures. Thereare three kindsof lies; lies, fool
lies, and statistics, and lies have been compared
as positive, comparative and superlative; but
worst of all are the newspaper lies. From
sworn hospital records Mr. Osborne quoted

these fgures: Men Wounds treated
GO AT 7 S L s B il S e e 383
198307 AN O Dsls i m el 363
OISR 2] 165 1 SRRV R SR 5

With « nly one vear in charge of the prison,
I think this is conclusive proof of theimproved
condition among the men.

What is most wanted at Sing Sing, is to be
let alone by the 1 ewsrarers and other outside
influences. In the past the greatest problem
has b :cn to keep out liquor and dope and T am
pleasel tosay that this has been done away
withby the League, which hasas higha stanard
of morals as any one could wish for.

Referir1g to the guilt or innocence ol the
prisoners, Mr. Osborne said he thought mo-t
all the prisoners were guily, though possibly
not of the crime for which they are serving;
and he told of one man who was indicted on ﬁ'\'c
charges and was innocent only of the one io.r
which he was sent.

(Continued on Page 4.)

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 3

WAGES FOR STEEL WORKERS
HIGHEST EVER PAID

The Steel Corporation’s announcement of a
general wage advance, to take effect February
1, amounting tomore than 10 per cent. for
common labor, was followed by similar advan-
ces by independent companies, these for the
most part being made effective January 1.
Merchant blast furnaces took like action. so
that within a few days virtually the entire in-
dustry stepped up to the highest level of wages
it has ever paid.

The next great adjustment will be that in
coal mining, which has never been of more im-
portance to the iron trade than in this year of
unexpected strain on every link in the chain of
production and transportation.

Usually quiet in the first half of January,
the domestic steel trade has shown this month
that price advances have not reached their
limit and that export demand will be a factor
in establishing higher levels. At Pittsburgh
contracts amounting to 140,000 tons of barb
wire for war use are offered, but mills there
cannot make the deliveries asked. In bars for
shells, also, limitations on the buying by France
and England will be those.imposed. by mill

-conditions here.

STATE COMPENSATION BOARD
MEETS AT HARRISBURG

At a recent meeting of the State Compen-
sation Board at Harrisburg, it was decided that
gratuities received by the workmen in the form
of tips from employer or others is not to be
computed in the wages of a worker in deter-
mining theamount of compensation an injured
employe is to receive under the compensation
law. This applies to waiters, porters
others, the special committee decided today at
a conference to determine what constitutes a
daily and a weekly wage.

Wages paid for overtime work in seasonal em-
plovments will be included in the wage deter-
mination, it was decided. Tools or other mate
rials furnished by the employer to be used by
the employe may be deducted from the wages
unless it is provided in the contract of employ-
ment that the employer shall furnish such
materijals and has the right to deduct the price
from the wages.

A seasonal employment is defined as one
periodically suspended for periods of more than
four weeks, because of conditions in a trade or
industry. In a seasonal trades the employe
must show the total amount he has earned in
all trades for the proceeding year. A referec
may require the employe to verify such state-
ment by word of his emplovers.

and
