---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_014.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

PTHE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its

readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Phlladelphla
every Wednesday.

MSS. —Orlvxnal matter adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected art icles will not be returned.

All commumcatlons should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery-

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered numbe1

B 7413 EdltOl‘

Phlladelphla, January 19 19]6

PrisON PopuLaTiON—Males 1508. Females
29 Total 1537. Last serial number B 8085.

WE REAP WHAT WE SOW

It was a wise mah who said that if we gave
to the world and our friends the best we have,
that the best will come'to usin return; which
is another way of saying ‘‘that we can take
from the world only what we put into it.”
These facts were strikingly brought to mind
recently by the case of a lonely man who killed
himself in a well known New York hotel, be-
cause as he stated in a letter that was left on
a table in his room, he ‘‘had no friends or rela-
tives who took an interest in him or his affairs,
and he had nothing in particular to occupy his
time.”” This man was not poor, except in
friends. He had a fat bank account and
possessed all the usual equipment that a man
of refinement and taste could desire. Further
statements of his case would indicate that he
had chosen to hold himself somewhat aloof
from those who might have been his friends and
as a consequence hegradually became morose
and finally ended his life because of its dreary
void and emptiness; because he pictured in
Lhoubhl the long, 01ay', unillumined view of
the years to come. He had willed his course
ia life to a selfish end until it had become im-
povished, not in that which money can buy,
but in an impoverished heart. Well would it
have been for this unfortunate man could he
have cleared away the thought of self, and
borne in mind the saying of that delightful
philosopher poet, Emerson, who said that “To
have a friend you must first be a friend.”’
How different .might have been his passing
away, had he but given out a spirit of friend-
ship! It is true th(lt real friendships do not
fall into-one’s lap like fruit from a tree. They
must be engendered by:a spirit of truth and
devoted loyalty; the forgetting of trifling short-

" coimnings of ~others and by showing unfailing
kindness of heart. Had this man thought less
of himself and tried to serve others, even in a
slight degree, he would not have been troubled
in finding friends to help drive away all thoughts
of gleom, and his life would undoubtedly have
heen-well fil'led with a flood of kindly thoughts

Truly “it is a good

thing to be rich and a good thing to be strong,
but it is a far better thing to be loved by many
friends.”’

from those around him.

OF ALL SAD WORDS—TOO LATE

There comes to hand the story of a man in
an adjoining State who ran away from hisfam-
ily some twenty odd years ago and who has
just returned to the home of his youth. When
he left home he was a mere lad of tender years;
now he is a man, mature and repentant.

On each day of maildeliverysince the youth.
flushed with anger and bitter retort, hurried
out of the house to be heard from no more,
his father, with sorrowing heart, - went to the
village postoffice and asked in anxious voice,
“Have you a letter for me from my son?”’
As day followed day, the answer was
always a gentle negative, and as the great
leveler, time, moved on apace, the father in
drooping spirits, saddened and died a heart-
broken old man.

The son, who was living in a distant city,
happened to see the notice of his father’s
death in a newspaper recently, and hereturned
to the home of his boyhood, too late to retract
the words spoken in the heatof anger. Truly,
“how great a fire a little matter kindleth.”
From some trivial offence a quarrel took place
that wrecked the peace and happiness of the
home all these years, and in silence the parents
suffered at the absence of their boy.

What a splendid chance there would have
been to show the spirit of forgiveness—but a
few words were needed to set everything right,
to still the aching hearts—but the few words
were never spoken, for a false pride aid a
hardened heart had prevented their utterance.
At last the heart was softened by death, but it
was then too late to speak, too late to ask for-
giveness. This case may not be unlike others;
but there are many who still clerish a past
grievance and nourish a spirit of resentment
that might better be wiped away and buried
in a forgotten place.

Is there a better time than now to speak the
words of repentance, to ask forgiveness, to ef-
fect a reconciliation with a warm hand clasp,
and no not wait until it is TOO LATE?

THE WONDERS OF STONEHENGE

Everyone has heard of Stonehenge—a pre-
historic mounment which is almost as much of a
puzzle as the Sphinx in- Egypt, or the mounds
erected by the mound-builders in America
Stonehenge is about ten miles north of S lis-
bury, in Wiltshire, England. The name comes
from two Saxon words meaning
stones.’’

The earlier Celtic ‘name was Cor Gawr or
giants' temple. There are in many localitie:
in the northwest of Europe prehistoric re-
mains in the form of huge stone monuments cr
“tumull’’ or “barrows”fthat 15, bowl-shapcd
mounds or hills of earth. In the neighborhocd
of. Stonehenoe there are hundreds of these
mounds. Coms and many vaulable relics found
in -them seem to date them back about three
centuries before Christ.

It must have taken an immense amount of
work to make them, and there must have been
some profound and serious purpose behind them_

“‘hanging

NEW DEVICE RIVALS TELESCOPE

An optical device, which it is claimed rivals
the telescope in revealing the mysteries of the
heavenly bodies, was exhibited at the thirty-
sixth annual meeting of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held recently. Dr.
John A. Bashear, of Pittsburg, in his address
as retiring president, held in his hand this
new device, which is called a ‘‘diffracting grat-
ing,”’ and explained its working. It looked
like a rectangular piece of metal about two by
four inches long, and changed color under the
electric lights. The speaker said: “On the
plain side of this polished plate, made accurate
to one-tenth of a. light wave, or within one
forty-five-thousandth of an inch, a'e ruled
more than 45,000 lines, between which there is
no greater error than one two-millionth of an
inch. With this delicate picce of apparatus,
made possible, first, by vigeious scientfic re-
search, second, by the skill of the artisan,
third, by a knowledge of and a vigorous care
to avoid temperature changes, and fourth, by
the accuracy of the mechanism, the astro-phys-
icist has been able to tell the composition,
temperature and distgnce of the stars. It also
is possible for the physicist, the chemist, to
tell us the purity of the material he is called
upon to investigate; ‘‘indeed, it makes it-
self subservient to many phases of engineer-
ing in the domain of metallurgy.” I'r. Ba-
shear paid a tribute to the genius and skill of
American engineers and said that the perfect-
ing of the sciew by Rowland, and later by Dr.
Anderson of Johns Hopkins University. had
contributed to the scientific mechanism which
made possible the optical device that now ri-
vals the telescope. Each astronomical device
reveals new secrets of God’s wisdom and power.

PERSEVERANCE

Of all the virtues, what one stands us in
better stead than perseverance? What is a
greater aid in living? It is the combination
patience and belief. It is not mere fortitude
for it means positive happiness Many of the
worst evils of life come from fainthcartedness,
or from lack of purpose. Few who keep per-
sistenly at a thing, with faith in its value, are
unhappy. What the Scientists have made pop-
ular is a truth that most profound moral think-
ers haveemphasized. Samuel Johnston, with
pardonable exaggeration, said that great works
were preformed not by strength but by per-
severance; and while the current: sayxng about
‘genius being an infinite capacity for taking
pains is less than half a truth, Disraeli was at
least safe when he declared patience a neces-
sary ingredient of genius. The patience of
genius, however, is not passive, but active. [t
is not merely endurance but hoyjeful dlhgence
Perseverance is faith expressed in action and

to active faith happiness and value are possible
to the end.

‘““We live in deeds, not years in thoughts, not
breaths;
In feclings, not in figures on a dial.

We should count time by heart-throbs. He
most lives
Who thinks most, feels the noblest, acts the

bestis
