---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_015.jpg
---
WELL WORTH KNOWING

It certainly isa long way from singing in
the church choir to writing musical comedy;

but Reginald de Koven made it in three jumps:

first jump, Oxford; second jump, Paris; third
jump, Broadway. He and his collaborator
wanted to sell ‘“‘Robin Hood’’ outright for
$2500, but the producer wouldn’t take such a
long chance and forced a percentage contract
on them. It brought them in $200,000,
i, * ¥ * ; :
Representative Edward W. Townsend, of
New Choisey’ is half ashamed of the fact that
he is the author of “Chimmie Fadden,” regard-
less of all the money the book and play have
- brought him. When a man becomes engaged
in statecraft he likes to bury his past if that
past is too much mixed up with slang and friv-
olity. When Townsend makesa speech in the
House—which he does only occasionally—he
carefully blocks every pos:ible opening where
a stray bit of humor might creep into what he
has to say. ] :
* * * i
Dr. 3. N. Patten, professor of Political
Economy, of the University of Pennsylvania,
probably knows more about what girls pay for
their hats than do most milliners. After ex-
haustive research about this fascinating sub-
the avcrage for their best hat with a
plume, thirteen dollars; the same class of'girls
in Boston paid only seven dollars. Dr. Patten
says Atlantic City’s fashionable. Board Walk
is resj.onsi le for the PL 1lade1ph1a extravagance
in head gear. e

sk
L *

It is said that Dr. Henry Van Dyke is not
sure whether it was his father's example that
madea minister of him; or his' own admiration
for the Apostles, who were all good fishermen.
He’s all kinds of a minister—formerly minister
of the Brick Church on Fifth Avenue and now
Minister to Holland. He is the authorof many
poems, of which the best known is:

“Cares shall be forgotten,

All our sorrows flung away.

While we are marching through Princeton.’

*
£ 3 x*

The popular sergeant-at-arms of the Senate,
Charles P. Higgins, was at onetime a mes-
senger boy out in St. Louis for one of the early
telegrajh'companies of which Andre_‘w Carnegie
was president.

When Carnegie came. up to wvisit the Senate
some months ago, Higgins was introduced to

ject;

him. 3
“Mighty glad to meet you sz}id Higgins;
““I’ve wanted to make your acquaintance ever

: ; y ; a
since we were associated in business.

““You know, er—I don’t r};call,—?"faltered

Andy.
S ine the teleqraph business,””.. explamed
Higgins; ‘‘of course, we never saw much of

each other. You were busy with your dutxe‘*
as president and I was almost equally bu_“_sy, as
messenger.’’ Aesaay 1 ,
“Ah, yes.”” murmured Andy, who is Scotch,
and so of course has no sense of humor, ‘‘very

true: very true.”’

‘essere p.ivo della liberta,

THE UMPIRE

FROM *“SONG OF THE BELL”

A thousand active hands combined

For mutual aid, with zealous heart,
In well apportioned labor find

Their power increasing with their art.
Master and workmen all agree,

Under sweet Freedom’s holy care,
And each content in his degree,

Warns every scorner to beware.
Labor is the poor man’s pride,—

Success by toil alone is won.
Kings glory in possessions wide,—

We glory in our work well done.

—Schiller

A COSMOPOLITAN COUNTRY

Constantinople and the neighboring regions
have been the great scene of quick change
cosmopolitanism in the past. “We naturally
think of natxonahty as being a matter of birth
and rice.”” says Sir Charles Eliot, “‘but in the
Levant it is regarded as a kind of privilege
or converience which may be acquired, lost or
changed at will. No one sees anything in-
congruous in one brother being an Englishman,
a second a Belgian and a third a Tuikish sub-
ject. At the outbreak of the Turco-Greek war,
Fdllenic subjects were placed under certain
dicabilities which affected their business to
a considerable extent. Oneof them came tome
one day and asked whether he could not be
made then and the e a British subject. He was
distiessed to find this was not possible; but a
day or two afterward I met him and he was
satisfied and smiling. He had become a Ser-
vian, and all was right again with him.

ITALIANI

E un gran peccato 'essere in _carcere, non e
vero? Quanti bei giorni son trascorsi e noi
abbiamo dovuto essere qui? E molto duro
non e cosi forse?—E
pure siamo stati noi che abbiamo scelto il
car ere! Si, Se invece digirandolare in cerca
di !ite, o pure di cose disoneste avessimo lavor-
rato o ucrato onestamente, cio non sarebbe av-
venuto Chi di voi puo contraddirmi? Non si-
amo stato noi che abbiamo dato I’ infelicita a
tante povere famiglie le quale dovranno patire
e arrossire pernoi? QOra che il male e fatto bi-
sogna rimediare e cio si puo solo se si cambia
vita. Dunque, ftatelli, incominciamo adesso a
menare una buona condotta cosi quando
sa emo fuori siamo gia abituati altrimente si
ritorna in gattabuia.

' Jerry, B 6§845.

VISITATORI ITALIANI

Fra i molti vmtator: venuti domenica scorca‘

vi furono anche dei compatriotti.
Fra costori v’ era il sig. James G. Pizagno,

intcrprete di corte, e che ricevuto il permeQS()'b

Jdal ““Warden’’ pote girare diversi bloc e gal-
lery. Promisero di 1ivenire e vedere tutti gl
It.liani. ' Al sig. Pizagno e compagni mandi-
amo un Sincero: saluto col sperare di rivederli

Spesso. B 5844.

* sternly,

IN LIGHTER VEIN

Jones:—‘‘Did you have a fine anto trip?”’
Speedwell:—*‘I must say it was mostly fine.’
5 g
It’sall right to take things into considera-

tion, provided they don’t belong to some one
else.

Pat—*"Yis, sorr,” wur-rk is scarce, but Oi
got a ]Ob last Sunday that brought me foive
dollars.”

Mr. Goodman—“What' you broke the Sab-
bath?’’

Pat (apologetically)—*‘Well, sorr,
av us had t’ be broke.”
: i # 2 3
said little Rollo,

’twas wan

“Father,’!
dicitis?’’

‘‘Appendicitis, my son,’’ answered the dee})-
thinking father, “is somethmg that enables a
doctor to open up a man sana’romy and remove
his entire bank account.’

B

“Why, dear,”” said a mother upon noticing
her little girl standing before a mirror .and
making the most hideous faces, what are you
doing?”’ .

“I'm getting ready, mother t0 .go over .to '
tell Nellie Smith what I think of her.”’

“what is appen-

S :
““My dear girl,”’ said a father to his daughter,’
““‘what do you suffragists want anyhow?’”” = 7

“Why, Dad, we want to sweep the country,
replied the daughter. i
“Do vou?’’ said the father. ““Why, now,
suppose you t"tke a broom and start Wlth this
room : : Sk

For many days a man lay dangerously ill
with a maladay that puzzled the distinguished
specialist who called to attend him.

One afternoon the eminent physician appear-
ed with eyes aglow. ‘‘I certainly congratulate
you; iehesaidy o ;

The patient smiled hopefully.
will surely recover?” he asked.

““Oh, no! there 1s no hope of that; but if the
autopsy proves that you are suffering from an
entirely new disease, as I believe it will,
will name the malady after you.”’

S

Tommy's father had been giving him lessons

“You mean [

we

in politeness, but hardly dared hope that the
seeds of his teaching had taken root.
- One ‘day, hearing noise coming from the

nursery, he investigated,

pounding his little brother. : 50
- “7'm surprised, Tommy,”” " said “his fatlier
“that you should hurt your -little

and found Tommy

brothér "~ Don’t you'know that it is \'ér'\" COW-
ardly to qtrlkc one who is smaller thdll \om—
\(1[)7:“" o v ,-‘

“Yes,” replied the culprit' meekly, “but

when you spanked me yesterday I was too_po-
lite to mention it.
