---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_016.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern\State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

- All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer's registered number.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, January 26, 1916

PrisoN PoruLaTioN—Males 1511. Females
29. Total 1540 Last serial number B 8095
mm

SIMPLE LIFE IS BES T

Those who try to find their highest pleasures
in what wealth can ‘bring them are usually
much disappeinted that the rich man can not
cat any more than—often not as much as—the
humblest day-laborer, without working injury
to himiself. A man can only eat about so much
without being distressed or made uncomfort-
able. [Itis afact that many people arc at times
surprised . to find how few and small their real
wants are, and how frugally and simple they
should live in order to obtain the blessing of
health. As soon as a man begins to overdo, or
to go toexcess in pleasure of any kind, Nature’s
demands are made manifest, often in much suf-
fering.

So that riches are not so vary desirous after
all. Unless the possessor of wealth is gifted
with a well balanced mind and can hold him.
self well under control, it often acts as an im-
pendiment to bringing out the higher qualities
in a man. The mauy temptations of a rich
man’s life are a constant menace to his highest
moral and physical development. The great
incentive to self-improyement is usunally re-
moved and life becomes mediocre or dulled to
the finer impulses. It takes a strong will to
resist the temptations that besets a person of
wealth, in order to really accomplish that which
is the best for himself and others. ¢ 18 truly
surprising what few and simple things wii]
serve the highest good of the human being
The great trouble with most all of us is that we
usually place a false estimate upon riches, and
overrate whatit can do for the individual,

Nearly all of the most desirable things in the
universe are within the reach of all of us. The
sunlight, the air, the beauties of nature, whole-
some, nourishing food, a sweet, attractive home
cost but very little. If we did not emphasize
the wrong things, if we spent our earnings for
the things that are really worth while, we could
get much more out of life then we do, Exper-
ience and observation have shown that the
simple-t lives are the happiest. Great com-
plexity of living is not conductive to happiness
or the highest unfoldment of the individual,

- In fact, the moment our lives become com-

plicated or complex we cease to grow along the
noblest sides of our nature.

Our great aim in life should be to find out
how we can get the best out of life and be happy
with what we have, than to be constantly seek-
ing for that which lies just beyond our reach.
Mostof us do not fully appreciate or get the
full realization out of what we have ourselves,
because our eyes are focused upon what other
people have. The little we have is lost sight
of, is covered up, in our magnifying the more
which others have. Wecan not get the full
value of our own while we are thinking how
much more others have. :

Whata great boon it would be for humanity
if we could all be taught to see the real comforts
and beauty that is most sure to bless and
sweeten the simple life.

SEPARATE PRISONS FROM POLITICS

One of our local papers that has championed
the cause of Ex-Warden Osborne from time t:.
time, makes the following editorial comment
in its columns. ‘“Whatever may be the merits
or defects of the kind of prison management
instituted at Sing Sing by Mr. Osborne, it is
plain that it could never have a fair show while
the Superintendent of State Prisons was so ob-
viously determined it should be a failure Mr.
Riley’s interference with Mr. Osborne in
matters of discipline was dangerous from the
first  Now that he has shown his purpose to
continue it with the new warden it was very
clearly the duty of Governor Whitman to
intervence. Having refused to resign, the
Superintendent now has to face the prospect
of removal on specific charges. Probably his
fight for retention will be of no henefit to him,
But if the hearings bring out the essentjal
facts in the situarion, reveal the baseness of
the political intrigues which have disgraced
the whole system of prison management in
New York, and awaken public opinion to the
necessity of earnest support for the work of
reform, they will be worth while.”’

OUR FIRST NAVY AIRSHIP

We are soon to have our first naval airship,
which is now nearing completion at the factory
of an aifcraft manufacturing plant in Con--
necticut. According to the final specification,
the airship isto be 175 feet long, its maxi-
mum height 50 feet, and its greatest beam 35
feet. Where the fins are attached, the beam
is increased to 50 feet. The volume of the
envelope is to he‘ 115,000 cubic feet, while
cach balloonette isto have a capacity of 15,-
000 cubic feet. The weight of the envelope
isto be 15,000 pounds. The dead weight of
the machine is specified as 4009 pounds, while
the lifting effort is 7800 pounds, lea\‘zmg the
carrying capacity in the neighborhood of 3800
pounds of useful load. The dirigible is to be
driven by a 150-horse power motor,

e

““The truest view of life has. always seemed
to be that which shows that we are here not
alone to enjov, but to learn *’

THE PURPOSE OF LIFE

Abba Goold Woolson

Courage, brave soul! The ledgy pathway
yonder,

O’er windy slopes, will lead to meadows
sweet;

Turn not aside, nor let thy glances wander
To find a smoother turfage for thy feet. .

True to thine aim, still journey on undaunted,
Led by the stars that beckon overhead:

With mind intent, thy footsteps, firmly planted,
Shall crush to even line the stones they tread.

The birds that circle o’er the sedgy hollows,
The coming tides, that backward sweep and
roll, :
Each has its purpose, and in wisdom follows
The devious ways that bring it to its goal.

Theirs to renew the quest with every morning,

But thine to mount serener heights than
they;

To seek the truth, all baser pleasures scorning,

Holding thy course where honor points the
way.

Nor rest thee there; the gain is won for others;
Thy firmer poise must steady those who fall;
To higher levels lift thy weaker brothers;
God gave thy powers because he needs them
all

THE LOSS OF A NOTED WRITER

The literary world—and for that matter the
world at large—has lost a gifted and talented
writer in the passing away of Jeannette L. Gil-
der, at her home in New York City, the other
day. :

Miss Gilder was a woman of unusual abil-
ities, and possessed a charm of manner that
was most pleasing to those who came within
the circle of her acquaintance. .

At an early age Miss Gilder became a writer
in the Newark Register, and later the Newark,
N. J. reporter for the N. Y. Tribune. Her
next step was to become associated with her
late brother, R. W. Gilder, as an editorial
writer for Scribner’s Magazine, now the Cen-
tury. From there she changed to become the
literary, dramatic and musical department ed-
itor of the N. Y. Herald. At later inte: vals
she started the Critic and the Putnam's Maga-
zines, with her brother Joseph.

She was also the author of many interesting
books of fiction and poetry, and wrote several
well-known plays; among them, “Quits,"” “Sev-
en Oaks,” and “A Wonderful Woman," the
latter for Rose Eytinge.

The loss of this brilliant woman will leave
vacant a place that will be hard to fill.

Let us banish all vain regrets, lift up your
heads, and gird yourselves for braveand cheer-
ful toil. “In time the release will come; rest,
made sweet by toil; glory, that is bright after
the darkness is passed; and victory so complete,
that we shall not wish the conflicts to have
been less stern, or the perils of life’s highway
less numerous or compelling.”’
