---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_017.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

WIELICZKA THE BURIED

During the earlier part of the frightful Eu-
ropean war, when the Russian troops were
sweeping through Galicia, and were almost at
the threshold of Silesia, the name of the an-
cient town of Wieliczka, some twelve miles
south of Krakow, was frequently to be read in
the dispatches. Classed as a stragetic point,
Wieliczka as printed on the map was a city of
note; but remarkable to relate, for over a
thousand years a city of much greater interest
has lain buried below the surface of the earth,
under the Galician town. Long neglected, this
buried city is now recalled to mind by the
war’s upheavalsand it is depicted by The Guar-
dian as being some two and a-half miles in
length, and over a third of a mile wide, con-
sisting of an enormous salt-mine, and one of
the largest and oldest in the world. The article
further states that ‘it has seven levels, and
the lowest is nearly a thousand feet deep. It
is entered by eleven shafts. The different lev-
els are connected by flights of steps hewn out
of the rock salt. In the mine are chapels,
tramways, a railway, a railway station, a ball-
room, and several other halls, aill hewn out of
the rock salt with elaborate architectural dec-
oration. ,

““There are sixty-two miles of pony tram-
ways and twenty-two miles of railway. All
these lines, and the principal passages, or
‘‘streets,”’ meet in a sort of central cavern.
Here is the central railway station; with spa-
cious waiting-rooms and an excellent refresh-
ment-room It locks, according to one visit-
or's description, “more like a summer pavilion
than a railway station, with its latticed galler-
ies and its rows of stately pillars that gleam
white and iridescent. :

““The oldest ‘‘building’’ in the mine is the
Chapel of St. Anthony: it dates from 1691. It
contains three altars, a pulpit, and much stat-
uary, all elaborately carved out of rock salt.
But services are now held in the modern, but
equally elaborate Chapel of St. Cunigunde,
which is entered by descending forty-six salt
steps. - The chapel is fiftty yards long, fifteen
yards wide, and thirty feet high, and is used
regularly for worship.

““The ballroom is a huge -room, where the
miners often hold their festivals. A miner’s
orchestra plays regularly in the hall, not only
for the dances, but for the entertainment of
visitors The mine has been worked for at
least eight hundred years. It belongs to the
Austrian Government, and gives work to a
thousand men.”’

Look For The Good

“Keep the attitude divinely optimistic all
the time. Endeavor to read and see the good

WONDERS OF ANDES AND AMAZON

‘“Three cycles ago an island arose from the
sea where now expands the vast continent of
America. It was the culminating point of the
highland of Guiana,’’ writes James Orton, in
his ‘*‘The Andes and the Amazon.’’ ‘“For ages
this granite peak was the sole representative
of dry land south of the Canada hiils. In
process of time a cluster of islands rose above
the thermal waters. They were the small be-
ginnings of the future mountains of Brazil.
Long-protracted aeons clapsed without adding
a page to the geology of South America. All
the great mountain chains were at this time
slumbering beneath the ocean. The city of
New York was sure of its site, but. huge di-
notheri wallowed in the mire where now stand
the palaces of Paris, London and Vienna."

Mr. Orton then goes on to picture how the
“low, winding archipelago, the western line
of the western continent,’”’ rose slowly, ‘‘bya
double process. The submarine crust of the
earth is cooling, and the rccks arefolded up
as it shrivels; while the molten material from
within, pushed out through the crevices, «ver-
flows, and helps to build up the sea defiant.
wall.”’ ““Three timesthe Andessank hundreds
of feet beneath the ocean level, and again were
slowly brought up to their present height.
The suns of uncounted ages have risen and set
upon these sculptured forms, through geolog-
ically recent, casting the same line of shadows
centuray after centuary.”’ :

“And now the Andes stand complete in
their present gigantic proportions, one of the
grandest and most symmetrical mountain
chains in the world. Starting from the land «f
fire, it stretches northward, and mountsup-
ward, until it enters the Isthmus of Panama,
where it bows to either ocean; but soon resumes,
under another name, its former majesty.”’
“‘Nowhere else does nature present such a con-
tinuousand lof:y chain of mountains, unbroken
for 8000 miles, cave where it is rent asunder
by the Magellanic Straits.’’

*“The moment the Andes rose, the great con-
tinental valley of the Amazon was stretched
out and molde din its lap. The tidal waves of
+he Atlantic were dashing against the Cordil-
leras and a legion of rivulets were busily
plowing up thesides into deep ravines;the sedi-
ment was carried castward, and spread out,
stratum, till the shallow <ea between the Andes
and the islands of Guiana and Brazil were filled
up with sand and clay. ... Eddies and cur-
rents, throwing up sandbanks as they do now,
gradually defined the limits of the tributary
streams, and directed them into one main trunk,
which worked for itself a wide, deep bed, cap-
able of containing the accumulating flood.
Then and thus was formed the Amazon.

B e

quality in every man you meet or deal with. °

Believe that God is no respector of persons.
Believe that he loves you as much asany other
man that ever lived. Be not persuaded by any
appearance that you are the “under dog.” In
the mind of God there is no inferiority. The
Divine Idea is perfect.” '

““The path of duty in life is not all gloom or
sadness. Like the roads in the South, it is
hedged with everbloom, pure and white as
snow. It isonly when we turn to the right
hand or the left that we are lacerated by pierc-
ing thorns and concealed dangers.”’

IN LIGHTER VEIN

Harry: *“I'd come over and kiss you, but I'm
afraid of upsetting the boat ”
Grace: I can swim, Harry."”

84

“Pa,”’ said the small sceker after knowledge,
“what is a kiss?”’

‘A kiss, my son, "’ said thefather, who hadn’t
lived fifty vears in vain, ‘‘is nothing divided
by two."’

S

“So yo’ am goin’ to be ' mah son-in-law, am
yo’?”’ inquired old Brother Buckaloo.

““Yessah, dat’s what it 'mounts to,”” said the
colored swain. ““But dat ain't what Ah’m
a-marryin’ Louella Maud foh. Yo' am purely
incidental to de emergency, sah, purely inci-
dental.”’

S

“I want a pair of socks for my husband,”” an-
nounced the determined-looking lady.

“Yes'm, ' replied the clerk; ‘‘what number
please?”’

The shopper glared at him.

1 didn’t know that it's any of your busi-
ness,”’ she said, ‘“‘but he is Number Three.”

S

“Do you love sister Clara, Mr. Simpson?’’
asked the little brother frakly of the caller.

“Why. Wille, what a funny question!”" re-
plied the astounded Mr. Simpson. “Why do
vou ask that?”’

“Because she said last night she’d give a
dollar to know, and I need the dollar.”

S

“Johnny," said the mother as she vigorously
scrubbed the small boy’s face with soap and
water, ‘“‘didn’t I tell you never to blacken vour
face again? Here I've been scrubbing for half
an hour and it won’t come off.”’

“1.I—ouch!”” sputtered the small boy; “I
ain't your little boy. I—ouch! Ise Mose, de
colored lady’s little boy.”’

o

Young Barnes had married contrary to his
father’s wishes. Meeting his parent soon after-
ward, the father said angrily:

_“Well, young man, I have made my will and
cut you off with.a dollar.”

“I am very sorry, father,”’ said the youth
contritely; “ you don't happen to have the
dollar with you, do you?”

S

One day Johnny came home from school in
tears.

““What is the matter, darling?’’ asked his
mother solicitously.

“Teacher whipped me,”” he sobbed.

““What for?”’ 3

“Nothin’ ’cept answerin’ a question.”

«“Phat is very singular. Did you answer it
correctly?”’

¥esiim

“What was the question, dear?”’

¢She asked who put the dead mouse in her
desk.”’

