---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_018.jpg
---
Continued from Page 1.

He told of three men being arrested togather.
A restaurant was robbed by one of them; the
other merely sat in the restaurant and knew
nothing of it; while one was on the street at
the time and knew nothing of the robbery.
The one in the restaurant got 12 vyears, the
one on the street got 39 years, and the one
who committed the crime got really a vear in
Elmira Reformatory. He had a brotheron the
N. Y. Police force.

I am a firm believer in an indeterminate sen-
tence, feeling that for the safety of society a
man should not be sent out until he isin a fit
condition to be returned to society, and this
would do away with so much ‘‘repeating;” 65 per
cent. of the present inmates are. repeaters.

In speaking of punishment he said the only
punishment possible was in sending a man to
prison, the rest was simply brutality, and that
few people are able to define either punishment
or crime

Time will prove that the new system or idea
is the only safe one for society, as it sends men
out clean of heart, mind, and body,—that fair
treatment within takes away the revengeful
spirit and makes them feel that society means
well by them. Prisoners should be treated at
least as well as your horse or cow, and we should
not lock them in 15 hours every night, and all
day during hot weather, or on Sundays or holi-
days, and expect good results.

To show the different attitude of mind that
now dominates the men, he told of a man who
escaped recently in an auto with $150. in his
pocket ; but because 20 ex-convicts and mem-
bers. of the League told him he ought to go
back, that he hurting::.Osborne, the
l.eague, and the other 1600 men, he returned
of his own accord.

I am thoroughly convinced in the blessings
of liberty so farasit is possxble Gladstone says,
““It is liberty alone that fits men for liberty,”’
and by keeping men shut up you can form no
idea of what they will do when letloose. Some
one then asked if rich men were allowed
special privileges , and he told of one man who
went there in an auto, and had always had a
room in the hospital, was waited on.-by one of
the nurses, ¢ot up when he chose, had a desk
the office and was supposed to be the
Record clerk, though some one else did the
work while he attended to his own private
business. This man practically ran the prison;
so I thought it best to transfer him, because as
he said, ‘‘There was nct room
there.”’

Mr. Osborne concluded his address by say-
ing that the greatest opposition to prison re-
form and to his system, came from five men
and women who had been workers on prison
reform boards, and thought they knew it all.
They did not like to be told that they were
all wrong in their theory; and in a revengeful
spirit they took every opportunity to harass
and make trouble for me, hoping theréby to
justify their contentions. Mr. Osborne had the
audience with him to a man.

was

n

‘““‘Each day the world is born anew for him
who takes it rightly.”’

for us both .

THE UMPIRE

PROBLEM OF THE
UNEMPLOYED

Director Lightner Commends Activities

of The Public Bureau

Proper management in individual industrial
plants will go a long way toward solving the
unemployment ploblem, is the opinion of
Joseph H. Willits, an industry expert oftithe
Wharton School of the University of Penn-
sylvania. He recommended & study of the
problem in its relation to their businesses for
industrial managers, in an address rec ntly
delivered at the Widener Building, in this city.

Jacob Lightner, director of the Bureau of
Industry of the Department of Labor and In-
dustry, empl1a<12ed the need of plublic employ-
ment bureaus. “The man who comes to the
office seeking a position is not the one who is
down and out, the bum or the pai handlcr,”’
he said. ““He is not cven the unemyloyable.
The men who come to us are really the best
class of persons in the city, skil'ed tradesmen
and their best reccomn endatic n is the f ct that
employers who come to us for men once, come
back again and again.”’

Mr. Lightner said his department was im-
proving the employment agency business of
the city. It had licensed 127 employment
agents and had “held up for further consider-
ation’’ 41 others. ‘The bureau,”” he <aid,
‘“‘has passed a rule that no employment agent
doing business for profit shall accept one cent
under any guise whatsc ever from an applicant
for a p051t1011 unt11 such time as the app‘lcant
has been sent to a position. And if the appli-
cant does not receive the ‘position. through no
fault of his own, the money must be refunded
in full. The employment agents in Philade’-
phia have been playing pretty fair with me ”’

H. & F. CLUB NOTES

The entertainment of last Saturday was a
huge success, and judging from the applause
given, jt was very much appreciated by the
boys.

We have other good actsto put on later,
with plenty of music, and songs; but we would
like to hear from any member who may be able
to do a trick, sing a song, or play an instru
ment, as we want all the performers we can
get to help keep the ball a rolling, so if any-
one can do a good stunt, send your number in
to and the entertainment committece will
call on vou; they can help you to perfect your
act.

We have other surprises, in the way of 1ead-
ing matter etc., which will be fully expl. incd
later. All this will depend on the membcrs,
and we expect their full support and help to
accomplish these things.

This week the 5th Block and gallery go out,
tickets will be issued on Saturday. at noon.

e Rep. Delegate A 8432

us,

““Don’t worry when you stumble. Re-
member a worm is about the only thing that
can’t fall down.”’

‘__—___—_—‘____________________________—._‘————————————————-

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

There is no obhgatlon attached to the “ad” service of
this paper. but notices for publication must come through
your Overseer.

FOR SALE—Ladles hand-crocheted Irish
linen handkerchiefs at 50c; ladies’ hand cro-

cheted French lawn handkerchiefs at 35c. On
sale in storeroom for B 7032, 2 B. (xx)

PHOTOS enlarged on silk, reasonable. Pic-
tures framed with passepartout; large selec-
tion on hand. B 6687, 7B. (44)

FOR SALE—Fine set of carpenter tools, also
some inlaid work, reasonable; am sellmg out.
B 5910 7 B. ; 45)

FOR SALE—Hand-painted potal cards with
envelopes, 6 for ' 5 cts BE7652587 G (45)

FOR SALE—12 string Weymann’s concert
mandolin. Cost $15, sacrificefor$11. B6&8I1,
9B. (48)

FOR SALE—Extra nice toy furniture p'ain
and inlaid, 75 cents the suit Also fincy pin
cushions at 75 cents and up. B 6531, 6B. (49)

FOR SALE—Trombone, in good condition,
worth $5.00 will sell for $3.50. B72 2, 4B (49)

OIL PAINTINGS on canvas, glass or wood.
any size, reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (49)

FOR SALE—Shawls, scarfs and tidies made
of best Germantown wool, 25c up, inspection
invited. B €523, 7B. (49)

FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern
deep-framing. Post cards, photos. certificates,
etc., framed. Send your number with request
to see work. B. 7172, 12 B. (52)

FOR SALE—Dainty silk or velvet pin cush-
jons gaily trimmed, in all colors, 25 cents each.
B 723%, 6:B. (52)

FOR SALE—3 pictures 20x24 inches, and 36
Pasce Partout pictures. Price reasonable.

B 6303, 9 B. (52)
FOR SALE~Mandolxn and sheet music, all
for %3 B 5808, 1 B ),

B 7386, 3 B.

WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry
made to order, also fine engraving done. Work
first-class. B 7945, 7 G. 2)

"FOR SALE—A German accordeon, Flornak
make, with case and instruction book. Cost
%8 will sell for $3.50. B 7482, 10 B. (2)

FOR SALE—Clothes brushes, hair brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to
$1.50. B 1381, 7B. (47)
~ For Sale—Inlaid boxes of superior workman-
ship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable
prxces B 6270, 5th Gallery (3)

For Sale— Oval frames with raised convex
glass for Lorillard’s coupen enlargments, $1 25
Enlargments made and framed $2 .0 B 7243,

7th Block & (3)
For Sale—New accordion, Italian model $¢ 50
also Bottle with Cross enclosed beautiful
Curio. $1. 00 B 7794, 10 Block (&)
For Sale—Guitar in good condition $!. 50
B 6294, 5th Gallery. (3)

For Sale—One spring rocking chair, in g od
conditiin. Price reasonable B 7812 12:h B (3)
For Sale—A pair of Canaries all ready mate
up and a breeding cage cheap B 7040 4th
Gallery. ®3)
FOR SALE—10 violin folios 1st violin 20

pieces of each folio. Gigantic collection cf 700
pieces, One magnificent collection of violin

solos 600 pieces at $1.50 B 7173,7 G. (3)

