---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_019.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

VOL. V

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, January 26, 1916

8 Yo 5 G0 Y A £ Bos W e T 7
Fdited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

5 BN

WIRELESS CONTROL OF
- TORPEDOS BY AEROPLANE

Sky Pilot to Guide The Radio Torpedo
From Any Height above The Water

It is announced that wireless control from
an aeroplane of a coast defence torpedo has
been developed it was learned recently, and
patents for the scheme are included in the
Hammond radio-controlled torpedo, right for
the purchase of which the Navy Department
" has asked Congress to appropriate nearly a
million dollars.

Aeroplane control, navy officers explain,
" make it possible for the operator to guide the
radio torpedo through the compressed air motor
of the torpedo giving him a certain guide by
which to steer it against a ship’s hull.

By use of powerful glasses it has been possi-
ble heretofore to control the torpedo from shore
to a distance of nearly 10,000 yards, but the
aeroplane device will now make the missile ef-
fective to the full range of its motor capacity,
or even far at sea if the torpedo is launched
from a swift motor boat within sight of an
ememies ship.

The Hammond plans are now before the
House Fortification Committee, which wlll con-
tinue its detailed consideration of the proposal

to spend more than $80,000,000 on improving -

the coast defence within the next four years.
Brigadier-General Kingman, Chief of Engineers,
and Lieutenant-Colonel Winslow, of the En-
gineer Corps, were before the committee, their
statements dealing with various schemes to add
~ 16-inch guns with an all-round fire to the major
part of the defence. They disclosed thatone of
the belligerent nations of Europe has developed
a 17-inch gun for land use, but no details of its
constructions of performance have been obtain-
ed here.

Food Exports Last Year Was
$1,000,000,000

Export figures made public lately by the De-
partment of Commerce at Washington D C.,
show that as a result of the war, Europe’s 1915-
food bill in the United States approached one
billion dollars. Records for eleven months end-

_ing December 1, indicate that more than $800,-
000,000 worth of food left American shores dur-
ing the year, nearly three times as much as in
1913, the year before war began.-

Food exports began to grow soon after war
was declared, and the last six months of 1914
saw bread shipments alone reach the value of
$300,000,000, five times the value of shipments
during the six months preceeding the war.
Last vear bread shipments passed the $500,-
000,000 mark.

FORD ENABLES PARDONED
MAN TO ERECT $10,000 HOME

A late report from Detroit, Mich., states that
the Ford system has enabled Samuel D.
Haynes, a pardoned life prisoner, to erect a
three story brick flat on Pilgrim avenue in that
city.

Behind the simple announcementlies one of
the strangest stories of criminology ever written.
This particlur house is the realization of a
dream that came to Haynes in a small ill-
ventilated cell in the State Prison at Thomas-
ton, Me., where he spent 39 years of his life.
Then his eighth petition
life sentence was granted.

Henry Ford has demonstrated that modern
and humane treatment accorded men who show
a sincere desire to reform and lead an upright
life, is an undisputed success. :

The attention of Mr. Ford was drawn to
Haynes in July, 1914, when he was released
from Rockland, Me., prison.

The case of Haynes, who is now one of
“‘Ford’s boys,”’ is but one of many twhom the
“Motor King’’ has placed in a position of
trust.

Given the chance to redeem himself, for
which he had prayed, Haynes has proved
thar the trust was not misplaced.

DAY’S RECORD OF 1,000 “«SUNDAY”
TRAIL HITTERS

for a pardon from a

Over 1,000 “‘trail hitters’’ responded to
Billy Sunday's efforts at Trenton, N. J, yes-
terday. Many were turned away from the
afternoon niceting, and in the evening the tab-
ernacle would not accommodate those sceking
admission.

There were 500 trail hitters in the afternoon,
more than 300 at night and nearly as many at
morning service. “Billy”’ was showing there-
sult of his efforts in the afternoon when he
started the night service, but the interst of his
audience seemed to revive him, and he became
as active and fiery as ever.

Warden Kirchway Makes New Rule
To Bar Newspaper Men From
Execution Chamber

Warden Kirchway established a new rule at
executions, by the excluding of newspaper men
from the death chamber, when two prisomners
were electrocuted at Sing Sing, the other day.
Warden Kirchway, who is opposed to the
death penralty, took the position that as hewas
opposed to capital punishment he did not care
to advertise it any more than necessary, as it
had a very depressing effect upon the prisoners
and others who read the newspapers.

CITY HALL CCURT TO BE
CLEARED OF «RUNNERS”

Sharpers, “Cop Detectives” And Other
Undesirables To Be Kept Out

A change for the better was recntly made
at the City Hall, when the corridor leading to
the police court on the sixth floor was cleared
by reserve policemen of the veritable mob of
“runners’’ for lawyers and professional bail
goers and ‘‘cop detectives.”’ : v

The policemen, acting under the orders of
Captain Mills, of the new traffic division,
threatened the ‘‘runners’” with arrest il they
returned to the building. Most of the *‘runners’’
hurried away, but the more hardened ones,
who boasted of the ‘‘political pulls’”’ of the
lawyers employing them, threatened te seper-
ate the policeman from their jobs. ‘Captain
Mills gave them cold comfort. _ ‘ 5

“I am going to stop these’ “rinners from
hanging around the building,”’” he said, ‘‘and
have given orders to the City Hall guards to
keep them out. | have no intention of inter-
fering with respectable lawyers,but their ‘‘help-
ers’’ will not be permitted to prey on unfort-
unates.”’ j ;

Captain Mills explained that the ‘‘cop de-
tective”’ constituted a new class of sharpers,
whao  “‘spotted’ detectives, particularly vice
squad men, in police court, and ‘“‘tipped them
off’”” when they appeared in the Tenderloin.

Acting detective Palmer was cut on the head
and face by a negro woman about a week ago,
as the result of a ‘“‘tip’’ given by one of these
‘‘cop detectives.’’

Senator Vare Tells Business Men 'S_i]f-
ferage ls Dead

Senator Edwin H. Vare asserted woman suf-
frage is dead in this State, in a speech at the
annual banquet of the Cohecksink Business
Men’s Association, held at the Hotel Washing-
ton, in this city. The Senator declared he was
no longer interested in woman suffrage, and
didn’'t care whether the majority of women
wanted it or not. He said it was a matter that
was for the male voiers to say whether ‘their
women should have the vote.”” He remarked
that the last election showed clearly that it
was not wanted.

The Senator devoted some attention to the
‘plain people.”” He said they were behind all
the good legislaticn we had secured in the last
four years.

A meeting of the Bar Association will be
held on January 27, at the City Hall, when ac-
tion will be taken on death of Judge Ralston
