---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_020.jpg
---
4

THOUSANDS OF WAGE WORK-
ERS TO BENEFIT BY
INCREASED PAY

At Toledo, O., six hundred employes of the
Boss Manufacturing Company, mitten manu-
facturers, are to get an increase in wages of
from 5 to 12 per cent., an aggregate increase of
$60,000 a year. The increase, understood to
have been granted voluntarily, is effective im-
mediately.

Reports from Media, Pa., tell of a voluntary
raise of 2 cents per hour recently, given to mo-
tormen and conductors by the Delaware Coun-
ty and Philadelphia Electric Railway Com-
pany, which operateslines from Angora to Me-
dia and from Media to Glen Riddle. Under
the new schedule the men will receive from 23
to 26 cents per hour, according to length of

“service,

The employes of the New Castle and the
Delaware City lines of the Wilmington and
Philadelphia Traction Company, have received
notice of an additional raise of 2 centsan hour,
taking effect at once. The men now receive 4
cents more per hour than they did six months
ago.

Fifteen thousand operatives at New Bedford,
Mass., are effected by a wage advance of 5 per
cent., announced by cotton yarn mills in that
city recently. The Quissett, Sharp, Holmes,
New England and City Mill managements
posted notices of the raise. The Monomet and
Ki burn Mills recently announced an advance.

J. & P. Coates, L.’t’d , thread manufacturers,
of Pawtucket, R. 1., announced that an in-
crease in wages approximating 10 per cent.
had been granted to 2600 employes. The ad-
vance will date from January 31.

Effective February 1, the wages of the 2000
employes of the Northampton plant of the At-
las Portland Cement Company, at Allentown,
Pa., will be increased from 7 to 10 per cent.
The company also operates millsat Hudson, N.
Y,, and Hannibal, Mo.

Increases in pay averaging 5 per cent. will be
given master mechanics in the navy yards
throughout the United States. Secretary Dan-
iels said recently he had decided to grant the
increases and would make them effective as
soon as possible, probably within the next two
weeks.

H. & F. CLUB NOTES

It gives us great pleasure to announce that
the blind colored man B 7396, 5-Block, whom
we took up a collection for in November, was
granted a pardon on Jan. 21 by the Board at
Harrisburg, and will be discharged some time
this week He wishes to thank every indi-
vidual who contributed to this fund, and made

" which we need badly as our treasury

THE UMPIRE

it possible for him to regain his liberty again.

This is a “big feather in our caps’’and it
means considerably more to us and our cause
than appears on the surface. It proves to the
officials of this institution that we are living
up to our Club name. ‘‘Honor’” and ‘‘Friend-
ship’’ and doing all we can with the slender
finances at our command It also proves to
the people outside the wall, that ‘‘prison re-
form’’ is not a theory’’ but a fact,”” and that
with proper encouragement great things are
possible of accomplishment. It will interest
them in our w.rk when they discover the
numerous other things we have done, such as
helping brother members financelly when they
have been discharged. In addition to that we
have sent money to several destitute families
of the inmates, when they were about to be
dispossessed for arrearages in rent, and pay-
ing the burial expenses of several of our
Brothers who have passed away while incar-
cerated here, thereby saving their bodies from
the dissecting table.

We donated fifty dollars out of our treasury
to the Christmas Fund, to help buy tovs for
the inmate’s children, thereby helping to make
some little heart happy.

When the outside people realize this,
may help us out with a few

they
contributions,
is sadly
depleted, and the “Finance Committee often
sit and wonder’’ where theyv are going to get
the money to pay for the “music’’ instrument
strings. etc. for the next series o' entertain-
ments, also the base balls for the summer ball
games. So when we ask you for a dime once
in a while, don’t be ‘‘shy’” “come across’’ we
need it, its for your benefit. ‘‘Think it over."
This week the 7th Block and Gallery go out.

Tickets will be given out Saturday at noon.

A 8432, B7927

: Rep Del.

SONG SKFRVICE

On Sunday, January 30th, the combined in-
mate choirs, and the E.S. P. Orchestra will
give a Song Service on the Centre, at 3 p. m.
The following program has been arranged for
the occasion:

PROGRAM

—

. Messenger March Barnh use
2. Hymn No. 227 Holden & Sankev
(a)—All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name —
(b)—I Am Praying For You (68)
3 Hymn No. 231 Kirkpatrick
Lord I’'m Coming Home
4. (a)—O Hills, O Vales Mendelssohn
(b)—The Glory of God Beethoven
5. Hymn No. 225 Conkey & Palmer
(a)—In the Cross of Christ I Glory
(b)—The Wayside Cross (173)
6. Hymn No. 204
Rock of Ages
. Spring’s Awakening
(a)—Solo, The Rosary—B 7166
(b)—Awakening Chaorus (i77)
. Missionary Overture

Hastings

=~

Buch

9.9

A. F. Wiegandt, Conductor,

?

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

There is no obligation attached to the ‘‘ad” service of
this paper, but notices for publication must come through
your Overseer.

FOR SALE—Ladles hand-crocheted Irish
linen handkerchiefs at 50c; ladies’ hand cro-

cheted French lawn handkerchiefs at 35c. On
sale in storeroom for B 7032, 2 B. (xx)

PHOTOS enlarged on silk, reasonable. Pic-
tures framed with passepartout large selec-
tlon on hand. B 6687, 7B. (44)

FOR SALE—_—Hand painted postal cards with
envelopes 6 for 25 cts. B 7652 7G. (45)

FOR SALE—Extra nice toy furmture plain
and inlaid, 75 cents the suit. Also fancy pin
cushions at 75 cents and up. B 6531, 6B. (49)

FOR SALE:Trombone, in good condition,
worth $5.00 will sell for $3.50. B 7202, 4B (49)

OIL PAINTINGS on canvas, glass or wood.,
any size, reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (49)

FOR SALE—Shawls, scarfs and tidies made
of best Germantown wool, 25c up, inspection
invited B 6523, 7B.

FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern
deep- -framing. Post cards, photos, certificates,
etc., framed. - Send your number with request
to see work. B 7172, 12.B. (52).

FOR QALE-—Damty silk or velvet pin cush-
ions gaily trimmed, in all colors; 25 cents each.
B.723/(,: 6 B. (52)

FOR SALE—éﬁ picture-s 20x24 inches, and 36
Passe Partout pictures. Price reasonable.

B 6303, 9 B. (52)
FOR SALE—Mandolin and sheet music, all
for $3. B 5808, 1 B. (1)

TYPEWRITING done at rea%nneb]e rates.
BY73S6 =3B

 FOR SALE—10 violin folios 1st violin 20
pieces of each folio. Gigantic collection of 700
pieces, One magnificent collection of violin

solos 600 pieces at $1.50 B 7173,7 G. (3)

FOR SALE—Scarfs made of Germantown
wool on frame 7x215 ft. from $:.50 up. Shawls
made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391,
7 G. 4)

WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry
made to order, also ﬁne engraving done. Work
first-class. B '794") 7 G. - (2)

FOR S/\LE——A German accordeon. Florndk
make, with case and instruction book. Cost
‘1’58 will se]l for $3.50. B 7482 10 B 2)

and shoe hruqhes with mlald backs; 35cts. to
$1.50. B 1381, 7B. 47)

For Sale—Inlaid boxes of superior workman-
ship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable
prices. B 6270, 5th Gallery (3)

For Sale—Oval frames with raised convex
glass for Lorillard’s coupon enlargments, $1. 25
Enlargments made and framed $2.:0 B 7243,
Zthy Blogk' ¢ | ey (3)

For Sale—New accordio'n,'il;c?é'lri‘an model $6 50

also Bottle with Cross enclosed, beautiful
Curio. $1.00 B 7794, 10 Block (3)

For Sale—Guitar in good condition . $1. 50
B 6294, 5th Gallery. 3)

For Sale—One spring rocklng “chair, in good
qurrl(ihtwanr;_ce reasonable B 7812 12th B (3) -

For Sale—A pair of Canaries all ready mate

up and a breeding cage cheap. B 7040 4th
Gallery . (34
