---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_021.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE |-=

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P,
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

FORD AUTO PLANT TO BE
GREATLY ENLARGED

More Than $2,000,000 To Be Expended
Will Soon Have Army Of 75,000
Employes

Late reports from Detroit, Michigan, state
that the company’s architects have drawn
plans for enormous expansion of the plant
of the Ford Motor Company in Highland Park,
which will make it three times its present size.
The announcement was made by Frank L.
Klingensmith, vice president and treasurer of
the company.

Mr. Klingensmith also stated that the large
number of advance orders made it necessary
that work on the additions and erection of new
buildings should begin within thirty days.

The cost of the enlargement of the plant will
be more than $2,0C0,000, exclusive of the price
of the 65-acre site, which is north of the termi-
nal railroad tracks on Woodward avenue, pur-
chased by the company recently. Mr. Klingen-
smith did not tell what was paid for the land.

The output, according to Mr. Klingensmith,
will be trebled, and in five years the company
will employ 75,000 to 100,000 men.

The company already has announced its in-
tention to produce 500,000 cars in 1916, and

the number of employes now is more than

30,000

The construction of additions to the factory
is made necessary by the enormous increase in
the company’s business during the last year,
the officials say.

Officials of Highland Park are figuring pros-
pective additions to the taxable property in
the village They estimate that when tl e ex-
tensions are m ule the municipality will draw
$500,000 a year from the Ford Company.

PRISON SOCIETY HOLDS ANNUAL
" . MEETING

Joshua L. Baily was re-elected president of
the Pennsylvania Prison Society at its 129th

annual meeting, held recently, at 500 Chestnut

strect.  Besides  the ‘president,  the following
officers were elected: Vice presidents,” Norris J.
Scott and Joseph C. Noblit; secretary, Albert
H. Votaw, and treasurer, John Way.

Members of the Acti'ng Committee, to serve
for three years—Dr. John Frazer, F. J. Pooley,
William Koelle, Deborahi'C. Leeds; Mrs. Horace
Fassitt, Mrs. Clara Hoeges Allen, Miss Re-
becca P. Latimer William Roser, George W.
Wilkins, Joseph P. Byers, Edward M. Wistar,
Mrs. Mary Delong, Francis B. Reeves, Frank-
lin Spencer Edmonds and Leon J. Obermayer.
- No new or important changes in the ;enal
laws were advocated at the meeting. - '

Philadelphia, February 2, 1916

GOVERNOR BRUMBAUGH
QUIETLY MARRIED

Governor Martin G. Brumbaugh and Miss
Flora Belle Parks, his ward and fifth degree
cousin, who for more than 20 years has been
a member of his household, were married quietly
Saturday afternoon. The ceremony was per-
formed in the church of the Brethren, German-
town, at 4 o’clock. A :

When news of the marriage became public,
friends of the Governor expressed surprise.
Then it was learned that the marriage license
had been obtained two days before, but had
been withheld from publication at the wish of
the Executive.

In answer to his express wish, the simple
Dunkard marriage ceremony was considerably
shortened and the marriage party were in the
quaint, historic church not more than 10 min-
utes. About 40 close friends of the Governor
and his bride, including members of his official
family and of his staff, witnessed the cere.
mony. Simplicity ruled the occasion,

Immediately after the ceremony the Gover-
nor and his bride left for Washington, D. C,
where they will stop for a few days, prior to
a trip to the Hot Springs, Va.

H. & F. CLUB NOTES

An entire new program will replace that of
the past six weeks, beginning this Saturday,
and there will be surprises galore for the mem-
bers of the Club, as all of the acts are entirely
original, and-the various talent have been prac-
ticing very hard to make them a success

This week the 1st Block, 8th Block and 4th
Gallery go out, and we want to impress on you
again the importance of bringing your ticket,
as a number of our members have forgotten
them recently and it results in a lot of con-
{usion at the door, which otherwise would be
avoided. Any member losing his ticket here-
after will not be supplied with another, nor
will he be admitted to the hall unless the
ticket is produced.

After the performance the men should
leave the hall quietly and fall in line promptly
in columns of twos and return at once to their
respective Blocks and Galleries. Give your
line a military appearance. Do not string out
or bunch up in threes or fours, but return in a
soldiery manner, as it looks much better when

“crossing the centre.

‘A 8432, B 7927.
Avviso .

Colori che non desiderono confessarsi qual-
che sabato sono pregati di rimanere alle loro
celle, come si avvisa a coloro che vengono di
andarsene ai rispettivi block non appena con-

- fessatosi.

NO. 5

RAILROADS TO PASS INTO
FEDERAIL CONTROL

Director Prouty Declares Private Capital
Cannot Develop Railroads at
Existing Profits

It is reported from Washington, D. @S hat
Charles A. Prouty, who resigned as Interstate
Commerce Commissioner to beccme Director of
the Commission's division of value that js en-
gaged in compiling the physical values of rail-
road properties in the United States, recently
declared that time alone would tell whether
under the present strict supervision of railroads
by the Government, enough capital could be
found for the transportation needs of the future.
At any rate, he declared, private capital would
require a larger return than bonds issued by a
Government for the same purposeand the time
would come when the people would ask whether
it would not be better and cheaper to have the
Government take over bodily transportation
facilities and then give the service directly to
the people. .

Mr. Prouty spoke before the section on taxa-
tion, finance, commerce and transportation of
the Pan-American Scientiflc Congress.

In the absence of Dr. Charles W Eliot,
president emeritus of Harvard University, Cam-
bridge, Mass, his paper on ‘‘The Changes
Needed in American Secondary Education,”’
was read.

““The most important part of Education,’’
Doctor Eliot wrote, ‘‘is the training of the
senses. The boys on the farms, no less than
those who are being trained in the trades,
acquire extensive development of the senses.
The advent of mechanical power and machine-
ry, however, has impaired this development.’”’

Doctor Eliot said this sense training should
be the prime object in human education, from
the primary to the “professional grade.

PRISON LABOR TO PROFIT BY
$75,000 FUND

A late report from Harrisburg states that
Attorney General Brown has given an opinion
to the new State Prison Labor Commissicn
that it may draw upon a $75,000 appropriation
made to it under the name of the ‘‘manufac-
turing Fund,’’ for operation of the new prison
labor system by which convicts will be paid
for their labor. A question had been raised
by the Auditor General whether the act could
be construed to carry such appropriation.

A meeting of S. P. L. Commission is expected
to take place shortly, when the wage schedule
will be decided upon. :
