---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_022.jpg
---
J

|
|
|
|

2

THE UMPIRE

-

CHE UMPILRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery. -

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, February 2, 1916

PrisoNn PopuLaTiON—Males 1503 Females
29. Total 1532. Last serial number B 8099.

OUR EFFORTS FOR OTHERS

Of the many who try to make this world a
little brighter because they have passed through
it, there are always some who become discour-
aged in their efforts to cheer and help others.
Perhaps they may be tempted to think or say,
“Well, what’s the use?’’ Their best efforts
seem to be unavailing, or to make but little
impression.

The trouble lies in the fact that they expect .

to see immediate results, which is one of the
weaknesses of this age. Good works do not
always bring their proper reward in the life-
time of the sower, and but few live to see the
plans they make, come to full maturity. It is
about the same with all our efforts. Each ef-
fort is like unto a seed; we may drop one here
and another there, and so on. One may fall
upon unfertile soil and fail to take root, while
another, perhaps,
pens to fall on fertile soil and takes root quickly.
We may not see the fruit of the one which has
taken root any more than we can see the ful-
filment of our plans, but the process goes on
just the same.

Some time ago, a prominent author wrote a
book which proved to be quite a success.
Among the characters was an old Senator, who
counsels a young politician, with life in the
perspective, who was impatient to see the re-

sults of his work. The Senator is madetosay:

_““Ah, sonny, what would be the good of life if

you didn’t know you were leaving behind the
things you've dene?  Now I tell vou, son, we
are just servants of the coming generation,
that’s all. They’ll enjoy. everything we’ve
worked, thought, and suffered to provide for
them, and then they’ll work, think and suffer
for the next generation.
and there's no end.”’

The words used by the old Senator, convey
to us all the real meaning of immortality. The
work we leave behind us, not as seen in actual
results, but in the effort. The real effort is
for us; while the results are forothers. Of one
thing we may rest assured; there never was a
sincere effort made tp accomplish a worthy ob-
ject, that did not bear full fruit, at some time
in the unfolding of the world’s events.

And so it keepsgo'in,

where least expected, hap-

CLEAR AWAY MISUNDERSTANDINGS

There can be no question that there are but
few misunderstandings that will outlast a per-
sonal meeting and a sincere heart-to heart talk.

It is a comparatively easy matter to write a
partial apology, but to do so usually tends to
tangle ourselves into all kinds of snarls and
misunderstandings, and the more we may wiite
the worse the tangle becomes. This leads us
to believe that the very best way to straighten
out snarls is to arrange for a talk, and settle
matters in a reasonabie way. When we talk,
what we say is in part explained by the expres-
sion of our faces—it can be read in the light of
the eyes and in the smile—and we can see at
once whether our meaning is made clear, or,
whether it is misunderstood, by the way in
which it is received.

When we write to another the words stand
alone for themselves, and sometimes a word
may mean any one of several things. So that
it would do us all good if we were to go at least
halfway in a sincere and frank spirit to meet
and shake hands with one another and say
what is really so. As a sage once remarked,
““life is too short to be wasted in petty mis-
understandings,”” and especially those ap-
proachable by a personal meeting, which would
enable one to clear away all clouds of doubt
and unnecessary animosities.

GOOD EYES AND STEADY HAND

There has been a great variety of reports
about the ‘‘good Germans'’ and the ““bad Ger-
mans’’; but the fact that the “good Bravar-
ians’’ do not harass their enemies unnecessarily,
and are known to exhibit a friendly attitude
when duty is not exacting active hostilities,
has recently been told by a wounded French
soldier returning from the trenches. The fol-
lowing account of the ‘“‘gocd Germans,”” who
have discovered a way to lessen the disagree-
able form of warfare, reminds us of the excell-
ent marksmanship of Daniel Boone, in pioneer
days. The correspondent of a well known paper
says: ‘‘A German priest visited the war-front,
where he met a Bavarian infantryman sitting
in a deep hole.

The soldierasked the priest for the lcan of his
field-glasses. He then asked him to enter the
hole and watch him catch a French cuirassier.
While the priest looked, a French officer fcll
from his horse. The Bavarian descended from
the tree and caught the horse, which was on
the point of running away. In the meantime
the priest attended to the Frenchman, whm
the horse had dragged a short distance.

“Pastor, have no care,”’ the Bavarian said;
‘‘I have not hurt him.”’

In fact, the Frenchman was only unconscious.
The priest then learned how the Bavarian had
fired. The bullet had struck the heavy cuir-
assier-helmet, and the man was knocked un-
conscious.

“In order to perform this’’ the Bavarian
sharpshooter added, ‘“one must have a safe
hand and good eyes.”’

“Our greatest glory is not in never falling,
but in rising every time we fall.”’

FAIRYLAND
To Algernon Blackwood

Whither lies the white road, the right road to
Fairyland?

We find no sign nor trace of it, and old we’ve
grown and gray.

Our eyes are dim with peering, and our quest-
ing feet are weary,

And there’s ne’er a soul to guide us with the
Wee Folk all away. :

Who can tell the dear way, the near way to
Fairyland,

Where none, they say, wax old or sad?
there that we would be.

How shall we believe that the sun and stars
will show it us.

Child and bird and field-flower and butterfly
and tree?

It’s

Who keeps the gold key, the old key of Fairy-

land?

Always and all ways we seek it near and
T, M

Whisht! foolish wanderers—turn, and ye shall
find it

In each heart where wonder and love and wor-
ship are.

ELECTRICAL MUSIC

One of the latest wonders of the day is elect-
rical music, which was demonstrated to a large
audience of men of science in New York recent-
ly, by the inventor, Lee De Forest, who has dis-
covered musical possibilities in his ‘‘audlon’’
the device which made feasible telephonic wire-
less conversation with Paris. By pressing a
button an electric lamp is made to sing like a
bird, the tone being regulated by the resistance
of thelamp and by the induction coils. No
serious effort seems y et to have been made to
fit the device for producing real music. The
inventor explained: ‘‘The notes that you hear
tonight will resemble more those of the flute or
reed instrumer ts. | have not had the time in
the laboratory to prepare the other methods in
a form suitaple for demonstration.’’

Bt tween the production of melodicus tones
and the elaboration of an instrument capable
of performing music there isa wide gap, as Dr.
Thaddeus Cahill discovered in working cut his
remarkable invention the telharmonium. To
bridge the gap required years of patient experi-
ment and skillful construction in his Helyoke
factory. He began where Mr. De Forest does,
with the electrical production of beautiful tones,
but the mechanical problem involved in produc.
ing a true musical instrument proved to- be
extermely complicated and difficult. ;

Mr. De Forest thinks that the audion offers
a short cut, but that is still to be seen. Per-
haps only musicians realize the complicated
nature of even a very simple piece of music,
or the extent to which the pleasure it gives de-
pends upon minute difference of tone quality
and fine chade of expression. And not even
the musician, unless a student of acoustics,
comprehends the number and the subtlety of
the complicated series of vibrations on which
tone depends.
