---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_023.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

M

JUST MERE MENTION

- Prof. Milton C. Whitaker, of Columbia
University, acts inthe capacity of advising
chemical engineer to many of the big industrial
plants scattered over the county. The Euro-
pean war has stopped sc many of our chemical
imports that Professor Whitaker is to head a
special chemical engincering department at
Columbia, to train chemical experts.

B

Justice Day, of the United States Supreme
Court, is a man of small stature, a writer-in
“Everybody’s’’ observes; while his son looms
high evenamong six-footers. Recently the son
came into the Supreme Court room. Seizing
the opportunity, Justice Holmes jotted down
a note on a piece of paperand passed it along.
When it reached Justice Day, he read: ‘‘My,
the boy’s a block off the old chip, isn’t he,
Day?”’

S

Dr. Dudley A. Sargent, head of the physical
department at Harvard, and also head of one of
the largest schools in the country for physical
training for women, believes that the feminine
movement is a first class emotional outlet for
women. Formerly washtubs and spinning
wheels were an emotional outlet for the gentler
sex, but now, he believes, they get rid of their
emotional overflow by jumping fences and
campaigning for votes on the street corner.

&

Charles P. Steinmetz, sometimes described
as the world’s greatest electrician, in an inter-
view in ‘‘Collier’s’’ says that the most impor-
tant electrical and industrial problem of to-day
is ‘‘the transportation of electricity.” ‘“The
United States,’’ he says, ‘‘should be covered
with a mesh of power-transmission lines.”” The
lines, he thinks, will eventually be as perfectly
co-ordinated as are our present systems of rail-
ways, which make travel easy to every pait of
the country.

*

Senator Borah of Idaho, tells this story of
how a psychologist and mediumistic professor
was received in a small town in this State:

The professor was talking to a young society
bud about the possibilities of the journeyings
of one’s soul. ““Why, my dear voung lady,”’
he declared, ‘‘it is possible for you in your
sleep to travel to other planets in the middle
of the night.”’

“Oh, Professor!’’ she cried in evident alarm.

‘‘Not in my nightgown!”’

S5

Congressman Stephens, of California, is an
ultra- enthusiastic lodge man. He was in San
Fiancisco attending a State Masonic doings,
when the earthquake mussed things up. All
the other Masons were for catching a train
and fleeing to some place of safety, but
Stephens said naw, naw, they would go over
to the Masons Temple and finish their exercises.
Part of the temple was caved in, but they
found a room with the walls still standing and
went ahead with their ritual until soldiers came
and chased them away 4

THE CAPE COD CANAL

Since the opening of the Cape Cod Canal,
nearly 3000 vessels have passed through this
waterway, including several Goverment ships.
Thus the submarines K-5 and K-6 made the
passage by way of the canal from Boston to
Newport, at the rate of eleven miles an hour—a
Goverment test which must be looked upon as
most sucessful. The eight-mile trip through
the canal was made in 45 minutes, and by
using this passage the submarines saved sixty
miles of distance and avoided much rough
weather. The Kiel Canal was built by the
Germans at a cost approaching $100,000,000,
mainly for stragetic purpose; yet it is a fact
that the reduction of distance between the
Germans base in the Baltic and the North Sea,
by this canal islittle greater than the gain to the
American fleet, which would result from the
enlargement of the Cape Cod Canal to accommo-
date our battleships, between those two im-
portant stagelic centers, Newport and Boston.

BY AIR AND WIRE

An accidental experiment in the vecliocity of
sound is recounted by a scientist attached to
one of Uncle Sam’s bureaus at Washington.

He had gone to his telephone, and just as he
put the receiver to his ear heard the click of
another telephone. Another receiver had been
removed and the line was open.

Then he heard through the telephone the
shriek of alocomotive whistle, and a few seconds
later the sound came through the open window
in the usual way. Looking up, he saw a loco-
motive half a mile away, passing a goverment
office. The telephone that was open was that
at the goverment office, and the sound of the
whistle had come through its transformation
into an electric current quicker than it had
traveled through the air.

INVISIBLE SHIPS

The enormous range and accuracy of modern
naval guns makes it highly important for small
war craft, which depends upon speed rather
than armor plate to weather the attacks of the
enemy, to render themselves as invisible as
possible. Herertofore, a dark gray paint has
been considered the best color to supply to a
war vessel. Now experiments are being made
with varieties of colors. Ideas are being bor-
rowed from the mimicry of nature. We find
certain animals cloaked with spotted fur and
others with stripes, depending upon the nature
of their environment, and these colorings make
them very difficult to discover in their natural
habitat. In exactly the same way our naval
authorities are trying to render torpedo boats
invisible by painting wavy stripes on them.

A speed of 22 knots an hour was attained by
the dreadnought Oklahoma, during a 12-hour
run at full speed, finished recently. Thisis
the highest speed credited to any battle ship
in the, U. S. Navy, and was sustained during
a period of three consecutive hours.

” IN LIGHTER VEIN

“Do vou ever wake up vour wife getting in
late nights?””

“Never.”’

“How the deuce do you manage it?”’

‘‘She is never asleep.”’

S

“So,”” said Rob, “your engagement to Maud
is broken off, is it? Why I thought she just
doted on vou.”’

“So she did,”’ answered Tom,
father proved to be an antidote.”’

& ;

Wife (angrily:) Just look at the time! This
morning you got home at 2 o’clock, and here
it is again after midnight.

Husband: Well, you know, m’dear, it's
against my rule to come home twice the same
day.

“‘but her

S
Pretty Cashier: You might give me a holi-
day to recruit my health. My beauty is be-
ginning to fade.
Manager: What makes you think so?
Pretty Cashier: The men are beginning to
count their change. "

K

Old Lady (having run upon a street fight;)
Dear, dear! Can you tell me what’s going on
up there, my man? :

Noncombatant: Ho, nufink, mum, only the

loke wot works the steam roller wants us
coves to call 'im a chaufteur.

“Do you believe that there is really some-
thing which can invariably tell when a man is

. )”
lying:

“J] know it.”’

“Ah, perhaps you have seen one of the in-
struments.”’

“Qeen one? I married one.”’

=

“John” demanded the wife of her intoxi-
cated spouse, ‘‘how did you get that gash on
your forehead?”’

“Guess I must ’a’ bit myself.

«Bit vourself!"” scornfully. “How could you
bite yourself way up there?”’

“Guess I must 'a’ stood on a chair.”

S
Mrs. Browning had a new servant girl name-
ed Annie.
“Annie,”’ said the mistress, ‘‘did you put
the clothes in soak?”’
“0Oi did not,”” answered Annie; ‘‘did you

want me to, Mum?”’

“Why, certainly,”” was the reply.

“Vety well, Mum,’’ said Annie.

About two hours later Annie presented her--
self ‘to her mistress.

“Oi hev put thim clothes in soak, Mum,’
she said, “but the pawnbroker wud give me
only chew dollars on the whole outfit. Here be
th’ money, Mum, an’ its sorry Oi am thot ye
bees so harrud up.”’

b
