---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_024.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

EXPRESSIONS OF GRATITUDE

Thefollowing letters were received by the
commiittee that had charge of the -Children’s
Xmas Fund, and are fully expressive of the
sentiments of the recipients of gifts from the
“Big Brothers’’ of Cherry Hill.

‘Dauphin, Pa., Jan. 3, 1916.
To the *‘Big Brothers’” of Cherry Hill.
Dear People:
We wish to thank you all
Christmas presents you sent us.

for the nice

Wishing you a Happy New Year, we remain. -
‘their thanks for the same, to which you may

Sincerely Yours.

Myrtle, James, Hazel, Viola
Clyde W— '
Philadelphia, Pa., Jan. 11, 1916

““To The Big Brothers of Cherry Hill.”’

I thank you very much for the doll my
daughter received and she also thanks you
many times as it was a great surprise to her.
It is a beautiful doll and she is much pleased
with it. I remain,

Yours Truly

Milton, and

Mrs.—

Susquehanna, Pa. Dec. 28, 1915
“‘Big Brothers’’ of Cherry Hill,
Dear Sirs:

I received your gifts sent to little Joseph,
and wish to thank you very much for them.
I also wish you a Happy and Prosperous
New Year.

Mrs M.——

Dauphin, Pa., Dec. 30, 1915
Dear ‘‘Big Brothers’’

We thank you awfully much fortelling Santa
Claus to remember us on Christmas, it made
us all so happy and dear mamma cried. Mam-
ma told us when we said our prayers at night
to ask God to bless the ‘‘Big Brothers’” of
Cherry Hill. We thank you awfully much.
Mamma is helping us to write this letter to you,
and we send our love and kisses ***** to all.

2 Hazel, and Viola—

Phila., Pa., Jan. 16, 1916.
Dear Warden McKenty.

I want to express to you and through.you to
the ‘‘Big Brothers” of the E. S. P., the warm
thanks of the managers of the ‘‘Sheltering
Arms’’ Mission, for the most welcome and
- useful Christmas presents you have sent to the
children and mothers; also your favor with
wishes for the New year. The spirit of the
“Big Brothers of Cherry Hill is the only one
which will give peace and happiness in‘a world
where there is so much sorrow and distress,

Thanking you and wishing you all a Happy
New Year, I am. .
Very Sincerely - Yours

: ' -——— President

Phila., Pa. Dec. 26 1915

““Big Brothers of Cherry Hill”’
Dear People:—

- Your gift came to hand to-day
and [ feel I can never fully express my thanks,
for this kindness which you have bestowed up-
on myself and little ones. It has scattered the
the gloom which has surrounded us, and at
last shows forth rays of sunlight, which now
enter our home, which is our .only comfort.
From this gift I shall properly clothe my little
ones, so they can attend both Sunday and Pub-
lic Schools and save their health. Again thank-
ing you for'this brightness to our hearts, I
earnestly pray our Father in Heaven to bestow
his blessinzs on each and every member of this
uplifting Club. I remain Truly Yours.

Mirs lE—":

Phila., Pa., Dec. 30, 1915,
Editor of THE UMPIRE,
Dear Sir: :

Owing to the fact that I wasunable to
contribute toward the Children’s Christmas
Fund, and had broken the rules of the H. & F.
Club, I requested that my name be withdrawn
as a member of the same, and I did not expect
that my family would receive anything from
that source. You may imagine my surprise to
receive a letter from home stating that the
children had been remembered with a number
of useful presents by the “Big Brothers’’ of
Cherry Hill. ]

My children have written me expressing

please add my own.
May the New Year bring you all the bright-
est prospects for the future.
Very sincerely yours,

: Dec. 26, 19

“Big Brothers’’ of Cherry Hill. ‘
Dear People: -

Your packege at hand Xmas day, and I
feel words can never fully thank you for the
kindness, which you dear people bestowed upon
this home of sadness and sickness. Just this
happiness given to my little ones and_ seeing
their joy, lightened my heart for a while, for
Xmas was very sad to me, as my dear mother
was lying low with pneumonia and I with my
feeble health and worries am doing my utmost
to bring her to health again. [ care not for
myself, but for those I love. Now that my
loved one is absent, I am striving hard to keep
hunger and sickness from my door, but it has
found shelter here and my efforts seem in vain
Trusting God in Heaven will care far us all, I
leave it all to him, again thanking vou for the
kindness and asking our Father in Heaven to
bestow his blessing on ‘‘The Big Brothers of
Cherry Hill”” and give all a bright and happy
New Year. I remain,

Truly Yours.

15.

Mrs.—
Gona e il “Parole”

Molti connazionali non sanno cosa significa

““Parole’’ e che per questo piu di uno ha fatto

ritorno. La parola ‘‘Parole’” vuol dire promes-
sa, coso questa che fa perdere la riducia se si
vien meno. Se da qui si vien rilasciato col
““‘Parole’” cioe; promessa, non significa che si
devonno riprendere le antiche abitudine, cose
queste che ci condussero al carcere, ma bensi
di darci la opportunita di divenire uomo onesto
e c,"h'e solo se di cio non se ne vuole sapere si
fa ritorno  Tutti possono fallire una volta e
che si e sempre in tempo di divenire uomo da
bene. Fu per darci la cpportunita di divenir
tale che la legge del “‘Parole’” ando in effetto
nollo stato della Pennsylvania, al 1909—c ' che
e per cio che delle persone da bene come al
Sig. Luigi Carlini, Nicola” Turchi e il nostro

interprete Sig. Giordano il quale ha sempreuna

parola da bene per noialtri Italiani, fanno
molto per aiutarci. Si, quanti Italiani deb-
bonoda'lalora libertaai sudetti? Come dovrem-
mo ringraziare queste persone e fare che non
perdessero la fiducia in noi. '
poveri diavoli dovrebbero patire se cio ac a-
desse. Dunque, apprcfittiamoci di questa op-
portunita chs ci viene concesso e diviniamo

uomini onesti. Non ci quol ‘mica molto per’

divenir tale, specialmente se si lasciano Ic be-
bande alcooh_chg ed altri viziacci i quali baro
cagionato la rovina di inolti.

Jerry, B 58/5.

. first-class. B‘7945. 7 G.

Chi sa quanfi -

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

There is no obligation attached to the ‘“ad” service of
this paper, but notices for publication must come through
your Overseer. = : - .

FOR SALE—Ladies’ hand-crocheted Irish
linen handkerchiefs at 50c; ladies’ hand cro- -
cheted French lawn handkerchiefs at 35c. On:
sale in storeroom for B 7032, 2 B. (xx)

LOST—Fountain pen. If found please re-
turn to 1st Block Overseer.

FOR SALE—Clothes brushes, hair brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to
$1.50. B 1381, 7B. ()

OIL: PAINTINGS on canvas, glass or wood,
any size, reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (49)
FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern
deep-framing. Post cards, photos, certificates,
etc., framed. Send your number with request
to see work. B 7172, 12 B. (62)
FOR SALE—Dainty silk or velvet pin cush-

ions gaily trimmed, in all colors; 25 cents each.
B 7237, 6 B. : (52)

FOR SALE—3 pictures 20x24 inches, and 36

Passe Partout pictures. Price reasonable.
B 6303, 9 B. (52)

FOR SALE—Mandolin and sheet music, all
for $3. B 5808, 1 B. (1)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable ﬁrﬂates.
B 7386, 3 B.

FOR SALE—10 violin folios 1st violin 20
pieces of each folio. Gigantic collection of 700
pieces, One magnificent collection of violin

solos 600 pieces at $1.50 B 7173,7 G. (3)

FOR SALE—Scarfs made of Germantown
wool on frame 7x214 ft. from $1.50 up. Shawls
made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391,
G 4)

WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry
made to order, also fine engraving done. Work
(2)

For Sale—Inlaid boxes of superior workman-
ship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable
prices. B 6270, 5th Gallery 3)

For Sale—Oval frames with raised convex
glass for Lorillard’s coupon enlargments, %1 25
Enlargments made and framed $2.:0 B 7243,
(thiblocls S8 T S i SN

For Sale—New accordion, Italian todel $6 50
also Bottle with Cross enclosed * beautiful
Curio. $1. 00 B 7794, 10 Block - (3

For Sale—Guitar in good condition 7$1. 50
B 6294, 5th Gallery. . i)

For Sale—One spring rocking chair, in g»o‘d ‘1'
condition. Price reasonable B 7812 12th B (3) _'

For Sale—A pair of Canaries all ready mated
up and a breeding cage cheap. B 7040 4th
Gallery sl Neihos

FOR SALE—Violin and bow, Strad model,
$2‘-':.),,',)_'.,..,.G,“ing out. . B 5517 7G. (5)

FOR SALE—Oil paintings on canvas, glass
and wood, different sizes, alsu painting done
to order at reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy German silver rings;also
tooth picks and stick pins at reasonable prices.
Work guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722. 7G (5)

FOR SALE—=3 ﬁne singing Vcanvaries, pair
now breeding, 1 breeding cage, 1 brass cage—
all for $6, cost $10.50. B 7680, 7B. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy shades made of cambric,
or crepe paper, all colors, 25¢c. B 6894. 12 B, (5)

