---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_025.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
' Of its Readers. |

VOL. V

THINKS IMPRISONMENT IS
PUNISHMENT ENOUGH

Warden McKenty Says Kindness Will

Lessen Criminal Tendencies

These were some of the ideas expressed by
Robert J. McKenty, Warden of the Eastern
Penitentiary, at a large meecting of the Wo-
man’s Club of Bala and Cynwyd, held recently
in the Cynwyd clubhouse.

In addressing the assemblage the Warden
said:

“You can kill criminal tendencies in a man
with kindness when the use of brute force only
makes him worse. Most keepers of prisons
think a prisoner should be punished in addition
to his imprisonment. I think imprisonment
itself is punishment enough.”’

Mr. McKenty, who invited his hearers to in-
spect the penitentiary at any time, discussed
penology from the standpoint of the human-
itarian. In his remarks he paid a compliment-
ary tribute to ex-Warden Osborne, of Sing
Sing Prison, and told of an incident that oc-
"~ curred a short time ago in that connection. He
and Osborne had a discussion at the Contemp-
orary Club, regarding McKenty’'s methods.
Another man, a friend of Osborne, joined in
the chat. So Warden McKenty invited them
to visit the kastern Penitentiary. They came
the next day, hut said they were in a hurry
and could only stay a few minutes.

‘‘Nodody can get out of here without the
permission of the warden,”” McKenty told
Osborne and his companion, “‘and you fellows
are going to stay until you can make a thoro
inspection and see how well things are run
here.”” And he made them do it.

‘I heard a minister remark once,’”” Warden
McKenty added, ‘‘that the slums inevitably
lead to the penitentiary. I was raised in the
slums and I guess he was right, after all, be-
cause I got to the place finally, although not
in the way the minister meant.”’

CATHOLIC SERVICES

‘Mass was celebrated at the Catholic services
in the Chapel on Sunday morning last, the
Rev. Michael A O’Kane officiating. The mu-
si¢ and singing were especially good, the choir
being greatly assisted hy Miss Margarite Marie
Marshall, who sang Dudley Buck’s beautiful
‘“‘Ave Maria,’’ with telling effect.

Father O‘Kéne, who is an able and impres-
ive speaker, preached an eloquent sermon
based upon the 15th chapter of St. Matthew.
He impressed upon the minds of his congrega-
tion the necessity for regularity in attendance
at the services.

There was a large attendance of the inmates
present,

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, February 9, 1916

HOBSON WOULD BUILD
NAVY WITH “«DRINK MONEY”

Says That Fleets Costing Not Less Than
$175,000,000 Could Be Easily Raised

Captain Richard P. Hobson, ‘‘Hero of the
Merrimac’’ came to, Philadelphia Saturday, to
begin a series of addresses in this city under
the auspices of the Anti-Saloon League.

Captain Hobson wants a fleet in Atlantic
waters superior- to Germany’s, one in the
Pacific greater than Japan’s and a combined
fleet superior to Great Britain's navy.

“Cut out drink and build a great American
navy—greater than any other Power.”” And
‘‘we can have it,”” he asserted, ‘‘if we put an
interpal embargoon drink and spend the money
now poured out of bottlesfor navalarmament.’’

His building program is as follows: Four
superdreadnoughts, three battle cruisers, five
scout cruisers and four torpedoboat destroyers

and a corresponding number of submarines for "

each capital ship. He would spend $5,000,000
on aeronautical equipment and mine sweepers,
mine layers, fuel and supply ships and other
auxiliary boats.

The program, Captain Hobson said would
cost not less than $175,000,000, but this sum
could eaisly be raised from money now paid out
for drink, without an additional economic
strain on the country. He had figures to show
that the elimination of alcoholic liquors for a
year and the direction of his money into the
Federal Treasury the naval appropriation for
the next 100 years would be provided for.

Captain Hobson advocated an army of 750, -
000, with an enlargement of 1,000,000 men,
He favors a reduction of term of army service
to one year.

In Wages For 8,000

Workers

Second Raise

The Scoville Manufacturing Company of
Waterbury, Conn., recently gave its employes,
numbering over 8000, a second bonus of 5 per
cent. on their wages since October 1.

An increase from 1914 to 22 cents an hour
for common labor at its Pueblo steel plan was
announced at the general offices of the Colo-
rado Fuel and Iron Company at Denver, Col.
Other hourly rates and some tonnage schedules
are being worked out.

The Jamison Coal and Coke Company of
Greensburg, Pa., announced a wage i1ncrease
of about 10 per cent, for its several hundred
employes on Saturday last.

Edited and Printed
By. Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 6

UPKEEP OF ARMY AND
NAVY BY NEW PLAN

Congressman Davis Would “Make Money
: Fight For Its Country”

Representative ‘“Cyclone Davis,”” member
at large from the State of Texas, introduced
a bill in the House to ‘‘make money fight for
its country the same as men.””” Mr. Davis is
an opponent of the preparedness program.
The Davis plan is that each corporation in the
United States shall be counted as an individual
and be forced to pay the cost of the upkeep of
one or more soldiers or sailors. For cach $50,
000 of capital and surplus above $250,000 the
corporation shall support one =sailor or soldier.
In time of war a corporation must support one
soldier or sailor for each $25,000 above a capital
and surplus of $75,000.

Mr. Davis has also devised a graduated
scale for the payment of upkeep sums bv per-
sons and families with large incomes. Inheri-
tances, dowries and foreign investments in
America must, in effect, adopt a soldier or
sailor in the United States forces provided the
inheritances, dowries or incomes from foreign
investments here exceed $50,000.

The Texan proposes that those who violate
the law shall be treated as deserters and shot
in wartime. 1

$300,000 RAISE IN WAGES BY THE
CRAMPS

Increases in ‘\vages amounting to more than
$300,000 a year and applying to between 4000
and 5000 workers were wvoluntarily granted to
the employees of the Wiiliam Cramp & Sons
Ship and Engine Building Company and the
I. P. Morris Company. The new wage scale
will become effectiveon February 28. Monday
afternoon a notice was posted in the vards an-
nouncing the advance, equal to ten per cent.
in the hourly wage rates.

FINE PROGRAM OF SONG

Under the auspices of the American Society
for Visiting Catholic Prisoners, the Ladies of
San Domingo Choral, rendered a splendid Song
Service on the Center, at this institution on
Sunday last.

Those who had the pleasure to be present at
the service were loud in their praise of the
singing.

The next visit of these sweet singers will be
looked forward to with pleasent anticipation.

The anniversary of Lincoln’s birthday will be
celebrated by a Band Concert on the Center.
