---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_026.jpg
---
9

THE UMPIRE

L H-E UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
rgaders.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery-

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

: Bk7413 Editor.

Philadelphia, February 9, 1916

PrisoN PopuraTioN—Males 1504. Females
98. Total 1532. Last serial number B 8111.

CONSCIENCE AND THE MAN

Not long ago an inmate of Sing Sing prison
who was implictily trusted, managed to elude
detection and make his escape. This man had
friends in “‘the big city’” (N. Y.) who furnished
him with money, clothes and an automobile to
make good his ‘‘get-away’’ from the State.

He was told that all: he had to do was to

jump aboard and make the best time possible

to a distant city in the West, where he could
take on a new birth of freedom. At this point
of his adventure something happened. His
conscience began to prick him. I reminded
him that his escape would have a serious re-
flection on those who were still behind the stone
walls, and especially the Mutual W'el,flare
League, who would be mistrusted because of
his action. Nor mould it stop there; it would
include the entire number of prisoners which
he had left behind in his selfish disregard of
their interests and privileges. Findally the
“heart burning’’ became so strong that Tony
Mareno passed up the chance and apparent
prospect of liberty in a distant city, and re-
turned to the prison, giving himself up to the
authorities who had trusted him.in the past.

One of the most encouraging circumstances
in connection with this affair -was its apparent
lack of peculiarity. The prison from which he
escaped undoubtedly holds many other men,
who under similar circumstances would do the
same thing he did.

This opens the way for us to point out the
fact that it is a serious error to assume that
because a man is lodged in jail, that he has
forfeited all that is good or honorable. Far
from it. Because his normally good resolu-
tions were broken down, or that a host of heart
trying circumstances had temporarily warped
his mentality from its normal trend of thought
and sense cf reason and propriety, it does not
by any means follow that his integrity also
died, and that his sense of shame was forever
paralized.

The time.for such reasoning has past, as has
- the days of the ‘‘strong arm,’’ the. club and
silence. Modern thought has advanced a the-

ory that a prison is for regeneration as well as
for incarceration. Iron bars and stone walls
do not a prison make—at least they do not
bar the mind and heart from high aim and no-
ble impulse. The era is now at hand where
the enlightened administrator of a penal insti-
tution believes it to be his duty to send forth
better men into the world, where they may re-
habilitate themselves. N

LINCOLN'S FONDNESS FOR BOOKS

On the twelth of this month there will be
celebrated the anniversary of Abrahamn Lin-
coln’s birth. It recalls to mind the estimate
of a prominent author who is justly keen

in praise of the “‘intellectual giant.”” Dilating
upon Lincoln’s mental  development the
writer refers to his predilection for

books, and goes on to say that he was one of
the most prefectly developed men intellectually
and morally which this country has produced.
He had the power which is the highest end of
education—that is, the power to think out to a
logical conclusion the problem which life
brought to him, and to express these conclu-
sions in language which the simplest could
understand, and which at the same time was
distinguished in style and most effective in con-
vincing and moving men.

In the description of Lincoln’s fondness for
books we read that ‘“‘The Bible, ‘Aesop’s
Fables’, ‘Robinson Crusoe’, Pilgrim’s Pro-
gress,’” ‘History of the United States,” and
Weens’ ‘Life of Washington’ comprised the
store of reading matter in the community in
which he lived, and when young Lincoln had
exhausted this he began to borrow from a dis-
tance. He once told a f{riend that there was
not a bouk he had not read within a radius of
fifty miles of his boyhood home. Thecharacter
of the book seems to have made little difference
to him. The legends say that he walked as far
to get a treatisc of law as to get a volume of
poetry or biography.”’

He did not simply read the books; he ab-
sorb them, copying long extracts, making them
literally his own—something which he could
and did recite as he followed the plow, and
which furnished him material for the long dis
cussions he sought with every passing neighbor,

“When his boyhood was past and he had
entered upon that career of Jack-of-all-trades
which he was forced to pursue until he was
nearly 25 years old, hecontinued to read much
in the intervals of railsplitting, flatboating,
storekeeping, acting as village postmaster and
deputy surveyor. In this period of life he
made a through and critical acquaintance with
Shakespeare and Burns. It is rarely ineeed
that is found so well versed in
Shakespeare as Lincoln was. He¢ could quote
pages from many of the plays and had a "very
clear and intelligent opinion of the meaning of
difficult passages. ' He was foud of seeing the
plays acted, and while in Washington as Presi-
dent of the United States, never missed a Shake-
speatean play if he could help it. Often he
sent for the leading actor after it was over
and discussed the arrangement of the play,
amazing his auditors by his knowledge.””

a person

TO BE A LINCOLN
Edward E. Van Zile

Who’d be a Lincoln must be great of soul,
Calm, strong and patient, with a loving heart;

With wide flown vision to embrace the whole;
Not rest too long upon a petty part.

A nation’s leader, with a people rent
In factions bitter and by hatred stirred,
Can be like him, our martyred President,
Only if deeds shall march behind his word.

He waited, Lincoln, till the time was born
When it was well that he should strike the
blow;
He faced contumely and he endured scorn,
But neither went too fast nor went too slow:

Who'd be a Lincoln must both speak and act;
His hand must do what tongue has left un-
done; , :
A Lincoln with his soul must make a pact
To gain from force what kindness has not
WO i

A TRUE FRIEND IN DEED

A writer in one of the current weeklies has
taken up the cause of the friendless prisoners,
in an effort to secure corrospondence that may
cheer and comfort him in his hour of trouble.
In his letter to the editor he makes a plea for
a greater extention of sympatby for the man
behind stone walls, and says: “Oursisa gen-
erous-hearted country, and the sympathy of
our people is easily aroused when cause of dis-
tress are made known to them, giving abun-
dantly of their dollars.

There isa form of distress to which few give
a thought, and for which the writer asks some-
thing far more subtle than money. The writer
appeals in the cause of friendless prisoners, to
whom a word of svmpathy and encouragement
is more than all the dollars in ‘the world. We
allknow how the so-called fr ends depart at the
first sound of reverses and how quickly the
world turns up its nose. Friends are good in
prosperity, but who has not known the far
greater value of a friend in adversity?

We are glad to note this spirit of kindly feel-
ing toward the ‘‘grey brotherhood,”” and sin-
cerely trust that it may be productive of some
real benefit to the needy. Much joy and
happiness to this warm-hearted sympathizer.

THE LATEST— SEY: ROCK TS

It is said that England’s anxious lookout for
the activities of spies extends to the héévens,
where rocket-like meteors have several times
been rep rted by special constablesas ‘‘spy
rockets’’ ““One of these bodies formed the sub-
ject of a telegram' in which Mrs. Fiametta,
Wilson. the well-known meteor observer, asked
another meteor observe}, Miss Cook, whether
she had seen it. The telegram was held up by
the censor, but subsequently allowed to pass.”’

¢ Sincerity is preferable to popularity be-
cause it never withers.”’ )
