---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_027.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

B
\

JUST MERE MENTION

Cincinnati gave a warm ~welcome to James
Whitcomb Riley, the Hoosier poet, recently
when he passed through the city on his way
South for the winter. Among other displays
of affectionate regard, five thousand children
from the public and parochial schools assem-
bled in Music Hall and sang and recited some
of Mr. Riley’s verse.

2%

‘A famous and oracular Spaniard, Baltasar
Gracian,’’ says ‘‘Collier’s Weekly,”’ ““writing
on worldly wisdom, has declared that a man in
the zenith of his development may be known
by the purity of his taste, the clearness of his
thought, the maturity of his judgment, the
firmness of his will.”” To this enumeration of
fine qualities the writer adds: ‘‘“That man we
believe to be at his highest point who, upor’l
attaining the top of his ambition (or upon not
attaining it), sees the true value of all mun-
dane ambition and turns his energies toservice
and self-sacrifice.”’

g

Senator Moses Clapp, of Minnesota, loves to
tell a good story, which is much to the pleasure
of his friends. He relates this one abouta pair
of Swedish constituents who keep bachelor
quarters in a houseboat. One of the pair
awoke one fine morning to fin that their home
had broken loose from its mooring and had
drifted down the river a few miles. In great
excitement, he awoke his companion.

““You, get up!’”’ he yelled. “We ain’t here;
we ain't here, I tell you! We ’bout four miles
from here!”

S

The much talked of Senator from Ohio,
Burton, said to be the most solemn of Senators—
with the sole exception of his colleague, Sen-
Pomerene—was s‘tf'olling along a Washington
thoroughfare one morning past a musical con-
servatory where some well-intentioned voung
woman, whose folks have money, was evidently
endeavoring to learn to sing. '

Burton listened to the weird sounds ema-
nating from the place, and then, with a cad
shake of his head, observed sympathetically:

““There is, indeed a lot of trouble in this old
world, isn’t there?’’

H

‘Representative Martin B Madden of I!linois,
is a_.connoisseur of art, and has the walls of
his office covered with fine etchings and en-
gravings. Not long ago he went to a little art
shop and left ‘an order for a small engraving of
“Apollo and the Muses ”’ - The clerk said they
would order it. In a week Madden went back
and the clerk informed him that there wasn't
any such picture.

“Why, ‘Apollo and the Muses’ is well known
the world over,”” said Madden; ‘“‘of course
the e’s such a picture "’

“What’s that title again?’’ acked the clerk.
“Ajollo and the Muses’? Oh-h, I thought you
ordered a picture called P..ul i the Museum.”’

CENTENARIANS OF THE NATIONS

Serbia according to statistics printed in Eng-
land, is particularly the country of centen-
arians. In that land one man in every 2,260
has-lived to be 100 yearsold, the total male
centenarian population of Serbia being 575.

Ireland ranks next in the longevity list. In
the Emerald Isle, out of every 8,130 of popu-
lation there is one centenarian, the total
number of centenarians being 578.

Out of every 43,000 Spaniards one is a cen-
tenarian. Norway has twenty-three centen-
arians, or one in about 96,000. England,
Scotland and Wales have about one centen-
arian to every 177,000 of population.

France has 213 centenarians, or one in 180,
750. Sweden ranks seventh with twenty only,
or one in 250,000. Germany has one in 702,
000. Denmark only claims two, or less than
one to 1,000,000 of its population: and Switz-
erland, with all its reputed healthiness, seems
not to possess a single centenarian.

USUALLY MEANS WAR

A rather fine distinction has been drawn be-
tween the ‘‘severance’of diplomatic relations’’
and a “‘declaration of war.”” The distinct im-
pression has been given to the public that the
former course could he adopted without involv-
ing the latter, but as this question is apt to
recur from time to time, it might be well to
state the fact that diplomatic relations have
never been severed, without war as a conse-
quence. Moore’s Digest, one of the leading
authorities on international law, sets forth not
a single case where the severance of diplomatic
relations has not beenfollowed by war. It has
heen pointed out that diplomatic negotiations
were broken off with Mexica. without the se-
quence of war This, however, is not true.
Ambassador Henry Lane Wilson did not ask
for his passports. He merely returned to the
United States. ;

PORTABLE WIRELESS TELEGRAPH

A very interesting mobile wireless telegraph
equipment is being used by the British army.
Four horses carry the equipment. On one is
packed the power plant, another carries the
receiving apparatus, a third horse bears the
transmitting apparatus, while the mast and
accessories are loaded upon the fourth horse.
The power plant is particularly interesting.
The design of the saddle is such as to form a
support for the plant. On one side is mounted
a generator and on the other a small gasoline
engine. After the saddle has been lifted off
the horse and placed on the ground, the engine
and the generator are connected by a shaft. It
takes but a moment to prepare the plant for
work.

There must be work done by the hands or
none of us would live, and work done by the
brains or the life would nor be worth hav-
ing, and the same man cannot do both.—

Ruskin.

” IN LIGHTER VEIN “

“I tell you,”” said the globe-trotter, ‘‘travel
is a great thing. If there is anything in a man
travel will bring it out.”’ ;

‘“Yes,’” said his pale,, newly landed friend:
“‘especially ocean travel.”’

5

Aunt Eliza came up the walk and said to her
small nephew: ' :

“Good morning, Willie. Is your mother in?’’

‘““‘Sure she’s in,”” replied Willie truculently.
“D’you s'pose I’d be workin in the garden on
Saturday morning if she wasn’t?

o

The curious pedestrian stopped where a man
was working in his garden, and, wishing to be
friendly, he said:

“I say, my friend, how deep is your lot?’’"

The man looked up from his work.

“I really don’t know, stranger,”’ he said, ‘I
never dug down far enough to find/out.”’

%

An Englishman and an American were stand-
ing before the wonders of the Victorian Falls, in
dark Africa, when the Englishman said:

“‘Surely you must concede that these falls
are far grander than.your Niagara Falls.”’

“What?’, replied the American; ‘‘compare
these to our Niagara Falls.”?' Why, man alive,
they are a mere perspiration.”’

S
‘He was not what one might call “manly,”’
and she had suspected it, so she tried it on:

““If there were a war I persume. you would
go to arms for vour country?’”’ '

“No,”” he said, “I shouldn’t like to do that.”’

“Why not?’" she asked.

““Well he said, “‘they are so careless in their
shooting.”’

2

When Sister’s beau comes Sunday nights

We always turn on all the lights:

And Ma and Pa and Sis and me,

We entertain the company.

He sits across the room from Sis,

Like This.

Our bedtime’s nine o’clock, yvou know

(I just pretend, but do not go);

The lights they seem too strong for him,

And so they turn ’em awful dim;

And he sits on the couch with Sis,
> Like this.

S

The colored defendant, who was being tried
on a charge of keeping a dog without a
license, tried -repeatedly to interrupt :the legal
proceedings, but each time was sternly silenced
by the Court. Finally the Judge turned to him.

“Do you want the Court to understand,’’ he

said, ‘“that you refuse to remew your dog
license?”’
“Yessah, but 2

‘“We want no ‘buts.” You must renew the
license or be fined. You know that it expired
on January first, don’t you?”’

“Yessah; but so did de dog, sah.”’
