---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_028.jpg
---
.

4

THE UMPIRE

%

SUNDAY HAS PURITANIC
IDEAS ABOUT AMUSEMENTS

Bitterl'yiv At'tacks ‘The Theatre, Dancing
' And Card Playing

“Billy’’ Sunday addressed a large audience
at the tabernacle in Trenton N. J. recently
and said, “that if he had followed the advice
of Thomas Keene, the tragedian, and had gone
on the stage instead of the pulpit, he would
have been a great hit.’

Keene wanted Sunday to be his underbtudv,
but Sunday decided to throw his life with God,
in the afternoon and at night he qpoke on
“amusements,” and it was a knockdown and
drag-out affair. The theatre, cards and danc-
ing came in for a severe denunciation, and the
efforts of the preacher convinced those present
that the stage had lost a great artist.

Sunday recently refused an offer of $100 to
speak for 20 minutes on ‘‘Preparedness.”” The
offet is understood to have been made by a
New York theatrical man. ‘

Mr. Sunday’s sermon was the same for both
the afternoon and evening services. The con-
ventional forms of amusements—the theatre,
card-playing and dancing—were particularly
scored, although the preacher seemed to feel
that he was going the limlt. The first to
receive the attention of the evangelist was the
theatre He referred to the large salaries that
actors get, and said some of them received $100

a night. ‘‘But just as soon as a preacher gets
a fairly large salary,” he shouted, "‘he is a
grafter.”’

. Card playing was the next of the so-called
amusements that received the attention of the
“When [ talk to you about card-
playing,”” he said, "I am trying to pound
through vour head that every pack of cards is
but another stepping stone to hell. I have just
as much respect for an old gambler who will
bet his last sou as the women who sit around
in their homes and play cardsfor prizes. They
are degenerate as the gambler in the gambling
hell. They aught to be put in the calboose
with the rest of the bunch.”

Dancing received a lacing from the preacher.
He said that every good man and woman car-
ricd in his or her breast the same passions that
bad men and

evangelist.

women carry. The dance, he

said, is the dry rot of society and it is immoral

PANAMA CANAL MAY BE CLOSED
: FOR MONTHS

Governor (GGoethals of the Panama canal zone
iold the House Appropriations Committee Mon-
day, that the slides in the big waterway
not caused, as has been said by

were
the
He
be

turning
water in before the canal was complete.
would not indicate when the canal would
rcopened to traffic.

General Goethals said the excavations were
completed “‘in the dry’’ where the slides oc-
curred near Gold Hill” and the water, therefore,
could not have been prematurely turned in

there.

The 8, 000,000 or 9,000,000 cubic yards in-
.Volved in the present earth movements is be-
ing removed he said, at the rate of 1,009,0C0
cupic yards a month, indicating that it certainly
would not take more than eight months more
to complete the work, and perhaps not half
that long. He was confident that when this
materlal was all removed there would be no
further danger of slides.

FRIENDSHIP

Dear Brother Members:

If there is any one feeling that is universal,
that feeling is the need of friends. How well
we know that, to be friendless has always
been accounted the most pitiable of condi-
tions.

Friendship is among the common things of
earth and yetit is of the finest. Because it
has inspired the most heroic deeds it has fig-
ured greatly both in history and fiction. Be-
cause it is tender, and the dearest possession
of the heart, and we all know it has been
praised in the songs the human heart holds
dear. Itisa feeling that comes from within,
not from without. To have friends you must
be one: he who is to be your friend must feel
the desire in vou as well as in himself.

The icicles hanging side by side in winter
would generate no friendliness, even though
the warm sunshine melt them both and they
drip together into a common stream. There
are two elements that go to the composition of
friendship, one is Truth. A friend isa person
with whom I can be sincere. Before him, I
may think aloud.

The other element of friendship is Tender-
ness. When a man becomes dear to us, we
have touched the goal of fortune.

Let us fully realize what the two letters H.
& F. on our buttons mean, and be true to the
obligatien which we took when we” became
members of this Organization. Be sincere in
your efforts to uplift your fellowman, and let
our club prove to be an Inspiration and a Help
to the one who seeks to find the most of the
best in life—Honor and Friendship.

‘“As I travel the pathway of life I find
At various turns of the road,
The strong arms of a comrade kind
To help me onward with my load;
And since I have no gold to give,
And love alone must make amends,
My only prayer is, while I live—
God make me worthy of my friends.”’
I3 6447, Vice-President,
Honor and Friendship Club.

CAPITOL
INTO RIVER

According to advices received here from La
Paz, capitol of Bolivia, a section of the city
about 1600 vards long, is sliding into the
Choqueyapu River. The section comprises
mostly houses of the poor, although there are
markets, barracks and the museum of the
archaeologist, Posnansky.

OF BOLIVIA SLIDING

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

There is no obligation attached to the ‘‘ad” service of
this paper, but notices for publication must come through
your Overseer.

LOST 1 woolen glove, black with red band
finder please return to B 6092. 6 G. (6)

FOR SALE—Ladies’ hand-crocheted Irish
linen handkerchiefs at 50c; ladies’ hand cro-
cheted French lawn handkerchiefs at 35c. On
sale in storeroom for B 7032 2B, (xx)

FOR SALE———CIothes brusheq mhéll‘ Abrrushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs, 35cts. to
$1.50.. B 1381, 7B. )

OIL PAINTINGS on canvas, glass or wood,
any §ize, reasonable price. B 7730 IOB (49)

FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern
deep-framing. Post cards, photos, certificates,
etc., framed. Send your number with request
to see work. B 7172, 12 B. (52)

FOR SALE——Mandolm and sheet music, all
for $3. B 5808, 1 B. (D

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rate<
B 7386, 3 B.

FOR SALE—10 violin follos 1st wviolin® 20
pieces of each folio. Gigantic collection of 700
pieces, One magnificent collection of violin
qolo% 600 p1ece% at $1.50 B /1/‘3 7 G. (3)

FOR SALE—~Scarf; made of Germantown
wool on frame 7x214 ft. from $!.50 up. Shawls
made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391,
7 G. (4)

WATCHES and CLOCKS repalred, ]ewelry
made to order, also fine engraving done. Work
ﬁrst classi B 7945 7 G. 2)

For Sale—lnlald boxe% of supenor workman-
ship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable
prices. B 6270, 5th Gallery @)

For Sale—Oval frames with raised convex
glass for Lorillard’s coupon cnlargments, $i 25
Enlargments made and framed $2.20 B 7243,
7th Block (3)

For SalejNewﬁaitccordlon Italxan model $6 50
also Bottle with Cross enclosed beautiful
Curlo $1.00 B 7794, 10 Block 5 (‘3}

For Sale—Gmtar in good condition $1. 50 |
B 6294, 5th Gallery. (3)

For Sale—One spring rocklng chair, in ngod
condition. Price reasonable B 7812 12th B (3)

For Sale——A pair of Canaries all ready mated
up and a breeding cage cheap. B 7040 4th
Gallery 3)

FOR SXLE Oll pamtmge on canvas, i glass
and wood, different sizes, also painting done
to order at reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (5)

FOR SALE:F;ncy German silver rings; also
tooth picks and stick pins at reasonable prices.
Work guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722. 7G ()

FOR SALE—3 fine <singing canaries, pair
riow breeding, 1 breeding cage, 1 brass cage—
.111 for %6 cost ‘fElO 50. B 76‘%0, (B (5)

FOR SALE——Fancy shades made of cembrlc,
or crepe paper, allcolors 25c. B 6894, 12 B, (5)

FOR SALE Fancy hand pamted post Cardb
Photo
n : 3 | (6)
F()R SALE—Vlolln in good condxtlon in-

struction book and 4 violin folios, all for 853 50,
Going out scon. B 7663. 12 G. (6)

FOR SALE-—Combination jig saw, for scroll
work, orsmall furniture, cheap. B 1784 EG. (8)

FOR SALE—Scarfs andthrows of German-
town wool, best work, lowest prices. B 7107,
7B ; (_6)

done in oil and water color, 6 for 5c.
nlargementq in cravon. 8 B. B 6829

