---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_029.jpg
---
Deveoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

VOL. V

PLANS FOR GREATEST
RESEARCH SHOPS IN WORLD

Improved Machinery Will Do Work in
Few Hours That Formerly
Took Weeks

In claimed that the U. S. Navy possesses
the most effective torpedo in the world, and
an aeroplane engine that is said to represent
the very last word in engine construction of
that kind is a promise of the near future, and
plans and specifications have been made for the
greatest research laboratory in the world, where
work that now takes months to accomplish can
be finished in as many days. This interesting
announcement was made at a meeting of the
Naval Consulting Board, held in the New York
Navy Yard recently. It was the most import-
ant meeting that the board has yet held, and
among the official documents submitted to its
members for their study and instruction were
the correct designs of some of the: latest and
powerful warcraft in the navies of the warring
Powers of Europe. How these plans came into
the possession of the board was one of the
many secrets that the members refused to
divulge. It was admitted that the foreign
plans showed many improvemeuts in . warship
construction and armament that up to a short
time ago were mysterious so far as the Amer-
jcan navy was concerned.

Plans recently approved by the President

and worked out by a committee of the board

for the mobilization of the industries of. the
country, were explained by Howard E: Coffin,
the in\entor,while Mr. Edison submitted the
final and complete plans and specifications for
the great laboratory and experiment station,
which it was unanimously voted tocommend to
the favorable attention of Congress.

The plans for the propesed laboratory and
experiment station were submitted by Mr.
Edison, and were declared perfect in every de-
tail, as it was possible to make them. They
call for a series of 23 splendid buildings, and in
each and every one of them every inch of space
is accounted for. Even the machines, the tools
and other equipment are provided for in the
plans. The blue prints numbered more than
100 and were each.a yard square.: ‘',

~The principal buildings  provided for. in the
scheme are the administration, the chemical
and physical laboratory, the machine shop,
.the erecting shop, the forge building, the
foundry, the pattern and cdrpenter bu1ld1ng,
the sheet metal shop and the powerhouse. The
buildings range in height from two to four
stories. The preliminary cost for the propoqed
experimental station Mr.
$1,509,000. When compreted in-all details thé

Edison placed at

THE UMPIRE |-=

Philadelpbia, February 16, 1916

final cost will be between $4, 000,000 and $5,000,
000. :

Mr. Edison is quoted as saying that “‘in the
course of a conversation with anadmiral of our
navy, the officer told me about a certain style
of gun carriage he wanted built. It required
a vear to build that carriage, he said. From
the description he made to me I believe we
could build such a carriage in the laboratory
we have proposed in about 72 hours.”’

TAKEN AS CROOK PROVES
A MUCH SOUGHT HEIR

The report comes from Chicago, that a well
dressed young man, apparently a strangerin
that city attracted the attention of a couple of
detectives in the buffet of the Great Northern
Hotel recently. His hat was of the latest style,
his suit up to date, his scarf expensive.

‘] saw that same fellow on State street yes-
terday ,”” said one of the detectives. ‘‘I think
we had better look him over He does not
seem to be doing anything. Maybe he is a
dip.”’

At the Detectlve Bureau the young man said

his name was Kieth Edward Dalrymaple. He
told a well-connected story. A few days ago
he said he came to Chicago from Detroit. Be-

fore coming to Detroit he worked in depart-
ment stores of Buffalo and New York.

““I might as well tell you I ran away from
home eight years ago,’” he told the detectives.
“‘I went first to New York. My home was in
Siloam Springs, Ark. My father lived there
and afterwards moved to Port Allegheny, Pa.
I have not heard from him in years.”’

An examination of the records of the detec-
tive bureau did not show that Dalrymaple had
any police record. Then the detectives looked
through circulars and posters, asking for a
search for various missing persons. -Allat once
there ay peared a picture of a young fellow on
a circular asking for the finding of Keith Ed-
ward Dalrymaple, heir to an estate worth $400, -
000, left by his father, a successful speculator
in oil properties. From the circular there ap-
pearcd to be n6 doubt that this was the same
young man.

“Worth &HOO 000 and we picked h1m up a
pickpocket,’” said the‘ detective. ,

It certainly is lucky for me that you did
arrest me, +aid Dalrymaple. *That circular is
dated four years ago. I suppose Eha'r the search
hasbeeén made all’ this time. 'I’Il" go to P01t
Alllegheny, ds soon as | can get there.’

“‘What are you going to do \\1th all that
money?’’ 'he was asked. :

““OH. I dont know. DI’ll work. I think I’ll go
into the automobile business ac I have always
wanted to run my own car. Now [’ll have a
Shante 2 heteplieds i 7 = R i

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 7

COLORADO’S EXECUTIVE
OVERRULED BY ASS’T
GOVERNOR

It has recently leaked out that Mrs. Geo. A.
Carlson, wife of the Governor of Colorado,
has asserted her prerogative as ‘‘Assistant
Governor.”” Despite the desire of her husband
and John Vivian, patronage dispenser of the
administration, to remove Thomas Tynan, re-
form warden of the State Penitentiary, ‘‘As-
sistant Governor’’ Carlson has said Warden
Tynan shall stay, and stay he has.

The Warden became a national figure through
inaugurating the ‘‘honor system’’ in penal in-

stitutions. Shortly after the Carlson adminis-.
tration went into office Mrs. Carlson announced
she thought a woman’s place was by her hus-
band’s side and she would be “‘Assistant Goy-
erior ©’ Then one day the Governor told her
he had decided to replace Tynan, with A. C.
Dutcher, a Republican. The Governor went to
his office, where Vivian and Dutcher
the plum.' The Governor was about
the appointment of Dutcher when
Governor’' Carlson sa1d

“You shall not remove Warden Tynan That
is my appointment. : ;

““Very well, my dear,’” said the Governor.

Vivian and Dutcher filed out of the office.

awaited
to sign
‘‘Assistant

IMPROVED LIGHTING SYSTEM
SAID TO BEAT DAYLIGHT

The Illuminating Engineers roiét}f of
which Dr. Charles P. Steinmetz is president,
has just opened their i0tn annual convention
at the Engineering Building in New York city.

L. B Marks, the first president of the society
said the country’s lighting bill had incuniéed
by leaps and bounds, an(llq now estlmate(] at
$1,000,000,000 a year.’

A interesting announcemcnt bv Mr ‘Marks
was that the engineers had “been. dble ta 1m-
prove on daylight.

“I*olluvnnu the improvement of ldmps ’. he
said, ‘“‘progress has been made in the produc-
tion of artificial davllght on a peculiar though
limited scale. We are no longer dependent
upon the sun for daylight quality of illumina-
tion; in some classes of work where fine color
discrimination is vital, as in dye w orks, for ex-
ample, we have actually improved upon day—
light umdltlons because our artificial daylight
is of the same quallt\ as the natural light and
is absolutely constant and available 24 hours a
day. Art galleries may be equipped with light-
ing facilities to exhibit paintings in artificial
daylight, an achievement which the artist hds
tong desired.” <%
