---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_030.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

_—___—__________—_———————_———_—_——__——_—_——-—_____———-———————

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery- i

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

B 7413~:. Editor.

Philadelphia, February 16, 1916

PrisoN PopurATION—Males 1498. Females
29. Total 1527 Last serial number B 8118

THOSE WHO TRY AGAIN

Now and again we hear much discussion
about the man who strides up the aisle of a
mission and hesitatingly gives his confession.
Perhaps he is converted on the instant; is
given a bath and a new suit of clothes, and
becomes a new man from that time. But of
the many lapses from grace we hear compara-
tively little, because they are not considered
to be in any way helpful as food for thought.
But to the average man, who is fully aware
how frequently he fails and sins against the
right, is it not some comfort to know that ev-
ery man can not be immediately translated
from the ‘‘down and out’ chap to a sincere sin-
ger of sacred song?

Not long ago a man ended his life at a mis-
sion in this city, because he had stumbled and
fallen in his endeavor to overcome his beset-
ting weakness from time to time.

If all men let a single smash-up or a series of
disasters floor them permanently, most of the
world’s work would be at a stand still. Some of
the foremost leaders among the captains of in-
dustry are those who went down struggling,
continued to resist and then arose, fighting all
the way, to regain the top rung of the ladder
again.

Long deferred hope takes a stout heart to
bear up against. In this case the unfortunate
man had been waiting many weeks for a letter
from his wife, that did not come.. Possibly
that would have been the means of lifting him
out of the slough of despond in which periodic
inebriety had plunged him. Perhaps she had
grown weary of his many promises to reform.
IEven though such might have been the case,
the letter might have applied just the leverage
sufficient to lift him above his lower self, away
from the down-dragging clutch of his baser
appetites. When one knows what strange mir-
acles of moral regeneration are wrought, one
hesitates 1o declare any man irredeemably
“down and out.”” It isnot for the man himself
to apply that stigma to his own being. It is
not true that the real heroes in lifes struggles
are not those who cucced, bu: those who try,
‘lry again?

CHARACTERISTICS OF WASHINGTON

As a fitting tribute to the memory of George
Washington, whose birthday anniversary  will
be celebrated on the twenty second of this
month, it is most worthy of mention that to
the appointment of Washington as commander-
in-chief of the Continental army, more than
to any other single circumstance, is due the
ultimate success of the American Revolution.
He was punctual, methodical, and exact in the
highest degree, excelled in managing thuse
minute details which are so essential to the
efficiency of an army, and he pos-essed to an
eminent degree not only the common courage
of a soldier, but also that rarcr form of courags
which can endure long-continued suspense,
bear the weight of great responsibility, and
encounter the risks of misrepresentation
and unpopularity. For several years, and
usually in the neighborhood of superior for-
ces, he commanded a perpetually fluctuat-
ing army, nearly destitute of discipline and
respect for authority, torn by violent personal
and provincial jealousies, wretchedly armed
and clothed, and sometimes in imminent dangcr
of starvation. ‘‘Unsupported for the most
part by the population among whom he was
quartered, and incessantly thwarted by-the
jealousy of Congress, he kept his army to-
gether by a combination of skill, firmness, pa-
tience, and judgment which has rarely been
surpassed, and he led it at last to a signal
triumph. In civil as in military life he was
preeminent among his contemporaiies for the
clearness and soundness of his judgment, for
his moderation and self-control, for the quiet
dignity and the indomitable firmness with
which he pursued every path which he had
deliberately chosen. Of all the great men in
history he was the most invariably judicious,
and there is scarcely a rash word or judgment
recorded of him.”” Those who knew him well
noticed that he had keen sensibilities and strong
passions; but his power of self command never
failed him, and no act of his public life canbe
traced to personal caprice, ambition, or resent-
ment,

In the depression of many failures, in the
elation of success, at times when his soldiers
were deserting by hundreds and when malig-
nant plots were formed against his reputation,
amid the constant quarrels, rivalries, and jeal-
ousies of his subordinates, in the dark hour of
national ingratitude, and in the midst of the
most universal and intoxicating flattery, he
was always the same calm, wise, just, and sin-
gle-minded man, pursuing the course which he
believed to be right without fear or favor or
fanaticism; equally free from the passions that
spring from interest, or imagination. ‘“He
never acted on the impulse of an absorbing or
uncalculating enthusiasm, and he valued very
highly fortune, position, and reputation; but
at the command of duty he was ready to -isk
and sacrifice them all. He was, in the highest
sense of the words; a gentleman and a man of
honor, and he carried into public life the se-
verest standard of private morals. It was at
first the constant dread of large sections of the

American people that if the old Government
were overthrown they would fall into the
hands of military adventurers and under-
go the yoke of military despctism It
was mainly the transparent i: tegrity of the
character of Washington that dispelled the
fear. It was always known by his fiiends and
it was soon acknowledged by the whole nation,
and by the English themselves, that in Wash-
ington, America had found a leader who could.
be induced by no earthly motive to tell a false-
hood or to break an engagement or to commit
any dishonorable act.”’ Men of this ‘moral
type are rare, and there is scarcely another in-
stance in history of such a man having reached
and maintained the highest position in the
convulsions of civil war and of a great popular
agitation.

GIVE IT A TRIAL

It was a wise observer who said: ‘‘If you
are in a hurry don’t get behind a lame man,
but hitch your chariot to a star.”” Watch out
for the sneerer and the sccffer. Seek the man
who believes in things that are good, and who
is endeavoring to make the best of opportunity
by trying to make everything else better by
kind words and deeds

Let us step into the sunshine for a littie
while. This is not such a bad old world after
all. You may have had hard luck for a time
back, or perhaps hard blows and ill health had
followed on your trail; but don’t let that take
the starch out of you. Just open up yourac-
count book and see if the credit doesn’t over-
balance the debit.

A little more to the point, be frank with
vourself and see how much of the debits may
be charged to your own fol'ies; say, a lack of
{oresight, overreaching selfishness, extrava-
gance, stupidity, failure to profit by advice or
to learn by experience.

Go a little further into the self-examination
process, and see if the blame for vour troubles
or failure is not all pretty much your own
fault. Above all, don’t be disgruntled because
some one who you thought unworthy has done
so much better in life than yourself. Rather,
think of those who are even less well off than
vou are. Your case must be a very hopeless
one indeed if you are last in the lire f ui for-
tunates

Much that seems dark can be changed, ‘f
vou will it. Happ'ness is frem withi , not
from without. No greater cheer can be had
than that which comes fo looking on the bet-
ter side of things, right thii king, gocd con-
science and right living.

Step out into the open of good endeavor sun-
shine and feel the warmth of its inviting glow.

At any rate, give it a trial -

There are five good principles cf action to be
adopted: To benefit otherswithout being lav ish
to encourage labor withcut beharsh: to add to
your resources without being covetcus; to be
dignified without being supercilious; and to
inspire awe without being austere.
