---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_031.jpg
---
JUST MERE MENTION

John Drew is one of the very few actors who
look exactly the same off the stage as when
before the footlights. In fact, he has reached
his dressing room many an evening just in time
to dab a bit of color on his cheeks to counter-
act the ghastly effect of the lights before walk-
ing on the stage. Sometimes, as he has walked
on, removing his gloves he had been wearing
when he reachcd the theater and had no time
to remove them before making up.

o

Charles Francis Adams, II., d en’t look like
a business man; he doen’t act like one. He
gives you the impression that yachting isabout
the only thing worth while. He learned all
there was to iearn about American yachting,
then he went over to England and other for-
eign countries and studied their craft, customs,
tricks and everything else connected with it.
Yet Mr. Adams might be considered some-
what of a business’ man since he is a director
in forty-one financial institutions, including
the McAdoo Tubes in New York. He is also
treasurer of Harvard University.

5

“By’’ Newton, Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, used to be aviation editor of a New
Yoik paper, and thinks nothing of going up in
a balloon or aeroplane so high that a State of
the Union looks no larger than a parcel post
stamp '

When he first started into the newspaper
bu-iness, Newton had a harrowing experience
that might have dullcd the journalistic ardor
of a lesssanguine spirit. He was sent out to—
interview a certain Mr. Doe in regard to some
new scientific discovery.

After a couple of hours he found the Doe
houze and rang the bell.

“Mr. Doe in?”’ he asked the woman who
came to the door. '

‘“Yes; he's in,” laughed she gayly—“in his
grave these three yeurs.” '

S

Ira Smith, one of the clerks at the White
Hou-e, is another Carnegie medai-less, unknown
hero. Purt of Smith’s job isto sort out the
mail ea. h day, and this includes the opening
of all express packages. 1f somebodv were to
send an infernal machine to the President,
express prepaid, Smith would be .the man
kil'led. Yet he goes about his task every mor-
ning with a light heart and opens up b xes of
unknown ¢ ntents, whistling softly at times,
and with apparent'y no thought of the morrow

There is one thing that probably gives him
courage to perform his duties—the fact that
there has not been, in so far as anybody there-
abouts can recall, a dangerous package re-
ceived at the White House. Infernal machines
sent to the President a‘e jolly, hair-raising
things to read about, but they are sent only in
Welsh rabbity dreams. Even if one were sent,
the only man it would hurt would be Smith.
the hero of this paragraph.

THE UMPIRE

UNKNOWN BENEFACTORS

Apart from the sheer human wonderaroused
by the wireless telephone communication with
Honolulu, the most remarkable fact seems to
be that this application of research has -been
car.ied out by a business corporation, says the
“New Republic,”” and that the inventors and
scientists remain anonymous. As evidence of
human motive there is much to think about
here. Whatis the incentive which impels these
unknown workers, what secret have these cor-
porations discovered which enables them to tap
so inexpensively the most useful minds in
America? When next we read that the enter-
prise would collapse with dazzling rewards,
that human nature is so and so, we shall not
be able to refrain from thinking of these name-
less benefictors of mankind. Their incentive
seens some10w to be as good as those of the men
who are piling up fortunes in war speculation,
or of those who had grandfathers with a vision
of rcalestate devlopment.

BUILDS MACHINE IN BOTTLES

Elam Weller, of Pennsburg Pa., whois con-
valescing from paralysis, which kept him in
bed for twelve months, has proved himself a
genius with a penknife and home-made tools.
A spirning wheel, built in a quart bottle having
an opening at the neck of one-half an ‘inch, is
the ac omplishment.

One week was required to accomplish the
feat. The spinning wheel, which is four inches
long and as many high, was passed through the
neck of the bottle. The wheel is complete in
every detail and is an exact reproduction of a
full size machine. There iseven a cord con-
necting the two wheels of the machine and it
is possible to operate it with proper tools.
The neck of thebottle was closed with a wooden
stopper which it is impossible to remove.

GREAT CANOPUS

This giant of the stellar system is, according
to a recent calculation of W. F. A. Ellison,

- 40,000 times as bright as the sun. It is 134

times as large as the sun in diameter, 18,000
times in surface ar d 2,420,C00 times in volume.
[ts distance from us, according to the same
estimate, is 489 light years. Suppose, says
Mr. Ellison, that instead of being at this en-
ormous distance it were placed in the center of
the solar system, in lieu of the sun. It would
then accupy eigthy-five houndredths of the
space lying within the orbit of Venus, and, as
s en from the earth, would subtend an angle of
about 70 degrees of arc.

President Louis W. Hill, of the Great
Nothern Railway system, and son of James J,
Hill, is an artist as well as a successful railroad
presidert. He takes great pleasure in painting
in oil and has painted some really excellent
canvases. Landscapes are his hobby and
among the best of his work in this line are
paintings of scenes from Glacier National Park,
which he made famous. He is especia]ly fond
of painting snow scenes, glaciers and icebergs.

“ IN LIGHTER VEIN

. ‘Jigg's wife speaks ten languages.’’
“I move we adopt resolutions of sympathy
and send them to Jiggs.”’

S
“Tom out of work again? Why, [ thought
he had a steady job?”’
‘‘Oh, the job was steady; Tom wasn’t.”’

5

‘I can tell you,’”’ said the accurate man,
“how much water goes over Niagara Falls to
a quart.”’

““How much?’’ asked his skeptical friend.

‘““Two pints.’’

’

.
“You are very beautiful,”’ said a young man
to his sweetheart. \ .
“‘Ah well,”’ she answered, ‘‘beauty, you
know is only skin deep.’’
“Well,”” he replied, ‘“‘that’s deep enough for
me. I’m no canibal.”’

o

Mexico has not been forgotten by the Balti-
more American even in the turmoil of European
conflict.

“So Carranza at last has taken up his resi-
dence in Mexico.”’

‘““Yes, and don’t you forget he’s got a Villa
outside, too.”’

s

A retail dealer in leather goods, doing busi-
ness in Baltimore, wrote to a firm in Southern
Massachusetts ordering a big lot of merchan-
dise. The firm wired him:

*‘Can not ship your order until the last con-

- signment is paid for.”’

b

“Unable to wait so long,”” telegraphed the
leather merchant. ““Cancel the order.” -~

5

“Yes,”” said the man who had been traveling
in the wild West, *‘I saw three trains held up
one night.”’

“Heavens!’’ exclaimed the innocent bystand-
er.

‘““Was any one hurt?”’

““No,’’ said the traveler, as he reached for
his hat. ‘“They were held up by woman in a
ballroom.”’

S

The farmer’s mule had just balked in the
road when the country doctor came by. The
farmer asked the physician if he could give
him something to start the mule. The doctor
said he could, and, reaching down into his
medicine case, gave the animal some powders.
The mule switched his tail, tossed his head and
started on a mad gallop down the road. The
farmer looked first at the flying animal and
then at the doctor.

“How much did that medicine cost, Doc?’’
he asked.

‘Oh, about fifteen cents,’’ said the physician.

“Well, give me a quarter’s worth, quick!”’
And he swallowed it. ‘‘I’ve got to catch that
mule.”’ N
