---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_032.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE MAN ON PAROLE

The Board of Inspectors, and the Board of
Pardons at Harrisburg, last month granted
pardons to 11 men who had previously been
paroled from this institution. This is the lar-
gest number of paroled men who have ever
been pardoned from this prison in one month.

This action on the part of our Board of In-
spectors should receive the unreserved com-
mendation of every one. It compares favor-
ably with the liberal actions of the Board in
granting so many paroles in the past few
months. :

In order that all may better understand the
law relating to the pardon of paroled convicts,
a copy of Section 13 of Act 275, passed by the
State Legislature in 1909, is given as follows:

““If it shall appear to either of the Boards of
Inspectors, upon an application by a convict
released on parole, that there is a reasonable
probability that such applicant will live and
remain at liberty without violating the law,
and that it will be to the advantage of such
convict that he or she be released from the
termsof his or her parole, it shall be the duty
of the said Board to recommend to the Govern-
or that such convict be pardoned absolutely.”’

It will be noted from the above, that the
paroled convict must make application for par-
don. However, this application should not be
made immediately on receiving parole. The
Board of Inspectors must watch the conduct
of the paroled men for such time as may be
necessary to enable them to form their judg-
ment regarding the future actions of the man.

The time required by the Board to come to
a decision regarding the ‘“‘reasonable probabil-
ity that each applicant will live and remain at
liberty without violating the law,”” will no
doubt vary with each case, but the Board must
reach a decision, favorable or adverse, in the
case of each applicant, befor the maximum
time shall have elapsed.

Besides*believing that the applicant will re-
main a law abiding citizen, the Board of In-
spectors must be assured that the pardon will
work to the “advant.ge of the convict. Un-
questionably, the man on parole believes he
will be benefitted by a pardon; otherwise, he
would make no application. To most of us, it
would seem that the applicant was the best
judge of this matter; however, there are some
unfortunates who have never learned to stand
alone;othets cannot stand prosperity. In both
these cases; a guardian or sponsor becomes ne-
cessary and is of real value to the man on pa-
role; for -he not only gives good advice, but as-
sists in-freeing his client, when .unjust]y ac-
cused of-other crimes, :

~Under these conditions; it is believed that
évery man of average-mentality, paroled from
this institution. can earn the right to a pardon
and be actually pardoned, provided he leads a
clean, sober life, and ‘is ‘industrious and law-

~abiding on parole. B 6863

There will be a Band Concert on the Center
on Washington’s birthday.

H. & F. CLUB NOTES |

By A 8432, B 7927

Last Saturday being a holiday no entertain-
ment was giving. This week the&th Block and
Gallery, and 12 Block 1st and 2nd Galleries go
out, the new program by ‘“Troupe No 3,” is
as follows. '

1—Overture (Selected) By H and F Orchestra-
2—Handy andy Co. (Comedy Sketch,) by 7369
55027.
3—Old Black Joe Co.(Song and Nonsense,) by
7725 6476 6807 6961 5832 6260 7863
4—Ventriloquist By 7294.
5—DMusicialand Specialty gymastic act By 6650.
6—Selections By (H and F Orchestra.)
7—Comedy Sketch (The Suffragette) By 7478
: 6692,
8—Musical Specialty By 5463 6327 6975 76 5.
9—The Doctors Boy, (Comedy Sketch) By
7601 6784 76C9 7462 7195 7805.
10—Vocal Selections, By the H. and F. Club
Quartette.
11—Selections, By H. and F. Club Orchestra.
12—March; Exit, the H. and F- Orchestra.

The entire program is full of songs and
music from start to finish, with surprises and
plenty of fun thrown in, and the varivus talent
particapating certainly deserves a great dcal
of credit, as the present show is with a doubt
the best so far this winter. ,

The orchestra has also been practicing very
hard under the supervision of our very able
““Musical director’”” B 6252 and have added
quite a number of new pieces, to their already
large, repertorie they have also received sev-
eral new musicians into the orchestra which
has made a wonderful improvement, and have
been extremly fortunate in securing the ser-
vices of Mr. Sam McKkenty, who has vclun-
teered to play the ‘“‘Trap drum,’”’ ‘‘Base drum"’
and the several other instruments which go
with his particular position. And take it from
us Sam can drum and ‘‘then some,”” he sure
can put it across, when it comes to handling
the sticks, and will make you all sit up and
take notice, the next time you attend an en-
tertainment.

The entertainment committe is now getting
“Troupe 4, together and would like to hear
from anyone, who can sing a song, recite a
piece, or do anact of any kind, if yot think
you have something good, send your number in
let them give you a try-out. :

FOR CHARTING ALASKA BAY

The U. S. and Geodetic Survey had just
awarded a contract for the construction of a
1000-ton steamer, to be used in surveying the
dangerous waters of Alaska and Bering Sea
The: vessel, which is to be named the “‘Sur-
veyor, ’ will accommodate a crew of sixty-six
officers and men and will cost with her equip-
ment, $220,000. Strange to say, the construct-
ion of this vessel, destined for service in Alaska,
has been undertaken by a firm at Manitowoc,
Wis., on Lake Michigan.

Tuesday was the coldest day this winter.

' THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

There is no obligation attached to the ‘‘ad’” service of
this paper, but notices for publication must come through
your Overseer. = ‘

" FOR SALE—Clothes brushes, hair brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to
$1.50.. B 1381, 7B. %)

OIL PAINTINGS on canvas, glass or wood,
any size, reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (49)

FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern
deep-framing. Post cards, photos, certificates,
etc., framed. Send your number with request

to see work. B 7172, 12 B. 2)
FOR SALE—Mandolin and sheet music, all
for $3. B 5808, 1 B. (1)

B 7386, 3 B.

FOR SALE—10 violin folios 1st violin 20
pieces of each folio. Gigantic collection of 700
pieces, One magnificent collection of violin
solos 600 pieces at $1.50 B 7173,7 G. (3)

FOR SALE—Scarfs made of Germantown
wool on frame 7x214 ft. from $:.50 up. Shawls
made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391,
TG 4)

WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry
made to order, also fine engraving done. Work
first-class. . B 7945, 7 G. 2)

For Sale—Inlaid boxes of superior workman-
ship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable
prices. B 6270, 5th Gallery 3)

For Sale—Oval frames with raised convex
glass for Lorillard’s coupon enlargments. $! 25
Enlargments made and framed $2.:0 B 7243,
7th Block (3)

For Sale—New accordion, I_talian model $6 50
also Bottle with Cross enc¢losed beautiful
Curio. $1.00 B 7794, 10 Block 3)

For Sale—One spring rocking chair, in g od
condition. Price reasonable B 7812 12th B (3)

For Sale—A pair of Canaries all ready mated
up and a ‘breeding cage cheap.’ B 7040 4th
Gallery. ] 3)

FOR SALE—Oil paintings on canvas, glass
and wood, different sizes, also painting done
to order at reasonable price.. B 7730, 10B.. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy German silver rings; also
tooth picks and stick pins at reasonable prices.
Work guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722, 7G . (5)

FOR SALE—3 fine singing canaries, .pair
now breeding, 1 breeding cage, 1 brass cage—
all for $6, cost $10.50. B 7680, 7B. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy shades made of cambric,
or crepe?pap_er,afllcolors, 25c. B 6894. 12 B. (5)

FOR SALE —Fancy hand painted post cards
done in oil and weter color, 6 for 5c. Photo
enlargements,in crayon 8 B. B £829 - (6)

FOR -SALE—Violin in gﬁod condition, in-

struction book and 4 violin folios, all for $3.50.
Going out soon. B 7663. 12 G. LB

FOR SALE--Combination jig saw, for scrolk,
work, or small furniture, cheap. B7784, £ G. (6)
FOR-SALE—Scarfs and throws of Gérman-
town wool, best work, lowest prices. B 7107,
B iy 475 ’ (6)
FOR SALE—Lord's Prayers 15x20, all pen
flourish with ¢old shading: also 15 styles post

cards - B 6982, 9.°B." ) (N
FOR SALE—Pure tone violin rare bargain,
$10. B 5867, 7 B 7

FOR SAI-E—TI;;)rﬁe;¥*Gé1:man Accordeon
with case and instruction book. Cost $8, will
sell for $4.50. B 6153, 5 B. W
