---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_033.jpg
---
%
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

VOL. V

'STATE BOARD DISCUSSES
MEANING OF «DAILY WAGE”

Important Meeting of Compensation
Board at Harrisburg

The question of what shall be defined as a
daily wage in calculation payments under the
Workmen’s Compensation system was dis-
cussed by representatives of capital and labor
before the State Compensation Board recently
and futher hearing will be held, befcre the
board makes a ruling. Representatives of
mine operators and workers, railroads and
railroad ' brotherhoods and numerous other
occupations were present and the discussion
took a wide range.

The principal argument was made by Roger
J. Dever, of Wilkes-Barre, counsel forthe United
Mine Workers, in three anthracite districts,
who contended that the board in determining
the wage, should adhere strictly to the pro-
visions of the law, Mr. Dever objected to
some «f the suggestions for the daily wage
as not being equitable. Under the act the
weekly wage is defined, but the daily wage is
left to the board.

James H. Maurer, of Reading, president of
the State Federation of Labor, took the same
view as Mr. Dever and said he did not consider
the act perfect. He predicted that some
amendments would be offered at next session
of the Legislature, notably one to provide for
a minimum wage of $10 per week.

Henry I. Wilson, a member of the House
from Jefferson County, who was one of the
legislative committee which drafted the act,
stated that it was the intention to have what a
man earned in six months made the basis of
compution of the daily wage. He said that the
board had authority to make a ruling which
would settle the question.

Henry S. Lydick, of Pittsburgh, and E. B.
Crighton, of Philadelphia, spoke {or the. coal

operators, and after a general discussion chair-

man Mackey announced that requests has been
made for futher hearings from persons in-
terested.

Decorations For Capitol Nearly Ready

Miss Violet Oakley, the Philadelphia artist,
who has been commissioned to paint the mural
decorations for the Senate Chamber, recently
notified Superintendent Rambo, of the State
Capitol, that the new paintings showng some of
the big events in Pennsylvania history would
be ready for hanging before the next legislature
meets. ’

Overseer Roddy is reported as improving.

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, February 23, 1916

$2,500,000 PENSION BILL PASSES
SPANISH WAR VETERANS
BENEFITED

Two pension bills passed the House recently
proposing the addition of more than $2,500,-
000 annually to pension expenditures.

One would grant to widows and minor
children of officers and enlisted men who served
90 days either as regulars or volunteers in the
war with Spain or in the Phillippine insurrec-
tion between April 21, 1898, and July 4, 1902.
The prospect is that there would be 10,000
claims under this measure, requiring $1,500,000
the first year.

The other bill would give $20 a month to
survivors of Indian wars from 1865 to January:
1891, who served 90 days or more in a actual
campaign and who are 62 years old or more,
and would pay $12 a month to widows of such
soldiers.

SUBSTITUTE FOR PLATINUM
DISCOVERED BY AMERICAN

One of the trace journals reports that sub-
stitutes for platinum which will materially
relieve the scarity of that metal in this country
because of the war have been discovered by
American chemists, F. A. Fahrenwald, of
Cleveland, announced Friday in an address
before the American Institute of Mining Engi-
neers. He asserted that gold and silver alloys
of palladium have been found to be excellent
substitutes for platinum in its softer forms. It
is expectcd, Mr. Fahrenwald said, that experi-
ments with these alloys will revolutionize the
work of the dental profession in platinum.

Saturday the engineers held their annual
dinnerand on Monday they were the guests of
the Naval Consulting Board in an inspection
of New York harbor defenses on the Dolphin,
flagship of the Secretary of the Navy. Only
American citzens were allowed to disembark at
Sandy Hook.

EZSTIMATE U. S. POPULATION
WILL BE 102,017,312 BY JULY

According to a report from Washington, the
Bureau of the Census has issued estimates of
the population of the United States, and ndi-
vidual States up to July i, 1916. The popula-
tion of the United States at that date is ex-
pected to be 102,017,312, as against 100,399,-
318 on July 1, 1915.

Pennsylvania is among the 22 States showing
the greatest gain from 1900 to 1910. Its pop-
ulation next July is put at 8,522,017, as
against 8,383,992 last July.

By July next it is estimated that New
Jersey's population will be 2,948,017 and
Delaware will have 213,330.

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 8

ALL TO BENEFIT UNDER
PRISON LABOR LAW

Prison Labor Commission to Put New
System Into Operation Soon

In an opinion construing the law providing
for the new prison labor system of the State,
applying to penitentiaries and the Huntingdon
reformatory, Deputy Attorney General Joseph
L. Kun says: It can not be assumed that it
was intended to compensate those who were
employed at some labor and not compensate
those employed at other labor.”’

The opinion was sent to Secretary John D.
Dorris. of the Prison Labor Commission,
which is preparing to put the system into
operation, and says the last Legislature took
advanced ground in providing for employment
of prisoners and for ‘a most judicious system
of compensation, calculated to promote and
develop the willingness, industry and 000(1
conduct of such prisoners.”’

The commission is informed that prisoners
engaged in manufacture and repair of shoes,
clothing, machinery, fixtures, etc, are entitled
to pay under the act, and that the same rule
applies to a printing shop, which the commis-
sion desires to establish, and to those engaged
in manufaturing or preparing material for the
new Western Penitentiary, and for those en-
gaged in prison farming. s

It is also held that prisoners engaged in
cooking and cleaning are to be paid as well as
those engaged in manufacturing. Mr. Kun
says:

““A prisoner engaged in cooking is certainly
employed in producing supplies for the insti-
tution as essential as another engaged in mak-
ing shoes or clothing. If certain prisoners are .
continuously engaged in cooking, dishwashing
etc., It would be manifestly unfair and dis-
couraging to them to have them do this work
without compensation,  while their fellow
prisoners are receiving compensation for other
work which perhaps is not so distasteful.’’

Philadelphia To Have New Federal
Building

A Washington report states that among the
items recommended by Secretary McAdoo for
incorporation in the sundry civii bill is one for
$82,000 for the Federal Building at Philadel-
phia. The additional estimates recommended
by the Secretary in his communication to Con-
gress total $1,720,500.

Inmates who fail to notify the Umpire office
when advcx tised goods. are sold will be denied
future use of * ‘ad”’ COlUmll
