---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_034.jpg
---
e —T H—E U M PIRE

THE UMPIRE

‘Devoted to;/the, interests and entertarnment of its

readers 1 Fafiad i L -

Prmted at the EasternState Penltentlary Phlladelphla
e_‘v‘ery Wednesday e S

‘MSS —‘—Orwmal matter, adaptable to these columns
“is desired; and will-be published-as-space becomes available —
Rejected art 1cles will not be returned i) ‘

i

Al commumcatlpns should) be addressed The Umprre
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer who will see to
dellvery ; T A

To msure attentrhn all artlcles must be- srnned ‘with the
writer’s registeredr¢number. 74 ; ofer! s iy

B 7413+ Edltor

Phl]adelph1a, Fel)luary 23 19]6
= P——.——-————-— - W = _: ——
PRISON "POPULATION—Males 1506 E‘Fernales
29./Total 1535 “Last Serial riumber BSlSZ

SR SO0 SLIPS OF": ]UDGFS

Thcrt appctrred 1n a western paper recently,
an account of a criminal trial that - took .place °
in the State of Missouri, It appears that the
defendant was charged with obtaining money
under false pretences ~The indictment stated -
that the defendant “felomously, _designedly,
l\nowmgb, and fraudulently procured money
from . ‘‘one John D——by means of .a false
deed of trust. In this case, the Judge accord-
_ing to the newspaper, account, instructed the
jury to bring in a Verd1ct of acqurttal because
the person who dreW up the indictment left
out ‘the word “dld” before the words “felon-
1onsly, desrgnedly, % etc, It was a clear case
of the guilt of the defendant but .owing to a

_ shp of some hurrled typrst the pr;soner at the

bar was declared “not Gullty 2 < Without ques-
tion, this was most fortunate ior the defend-
ant, but on the other hand If; 1s not: somewhat
drsturblng to pelsons ‘who would, rlrke to be-

lieve in judicial processes and maintain due re- -

spect for the court? The decision reminds. us
of another case which was, tried in an eastern
State, where the j Jurvmen \\ele .allowed t¢ read
the newspapers glvmgfan account of the case
on trial, whrch was very detrrmental to the dc-
fendants, While the judge instructed the j jury
to decide on ‘the evrdcnce alone—~and real eyi-
dence was not shown—ﬂ:he jury. promptly . de-
(‘ldled the defendants “onilty.”’ : :

In the ﬁrst case, the court could have or--

dered. the correct1011 made then and there in

court, wrthout any prejudice to the defendant,

if the correction was necessary. However, the
Judge said there were precedents for this ac-
tion. To be sure there are—perhaps hundreds
of them; but that is mo argument against good
Judgment and common sense. We' happen to
know'éf séveral Supreme Court judgesin a dis-
‘tant'State who didn’t know that'there had
beenfor years on their statute books a law de-
claring that no indictment should be consid-
ered insufficient by 'teason of any defect or jm-
perfection of form which did not® tend to the
prejudice of a substantial right of the defend-
ant, and that any indictment was good which
enabled a person of common understandrng to

know what was intended. Yet judges, and
Jawyers wonder why the laymcn seem lackmq
in respect for the courts.

use the livery of justice for other than purely
- judicial ends.- Not- long--ago—one - of—these

turned loosey a; very=dangerousicharacter be--
cause  the-indictment -used~one word when it

should: have wsed another. In reality both
words had ab@ut the samey rneamng to the un-
initiated, but there was a. slight difference in
their legal meanmg It so happened that not
of either word It | seems odd to say that 1hey
“could and would have rendered exact Justlee
without knowrng what they were about Tt
was a shrewd observer who not long, slnce sald
in response to an openrng prayer about ¢ ‘saving
the honorable court,”’ that

really needed was to be saved from 1tself ol l

(0w THE MIGHT OF .CROMWELL, .

Giving an account of ‘
History,”’ the well knovxnauthor Dr. Gardmer
describes the complete success of the Crom-
wellian" methods, by stating that in some sort
‘Cromwell is best understood by fixing his  re-

Hations to the two great tendencies of the Rev-

olution. In his nature the destructive .ims
of Puritadism were most cleaily ' revealed
He - was 1ntolerant of everything opposed
to the hrghest and most spiritual religic n,
and of the: forms which as he thought
choked and hindered its development: with a
strong arm he pronounced a distinct negative to
everything per-istently antagonistic to what he
regarded as the interest of the people of God.

After the Battle of Marston Moor, he repyted -

with the highest approbation.the words of one
ofchisofficers: * ‘One‘thing lay on his spirit;'that |
'‘God had not suffered him to be any more the
‘executioner of ‘His enemies.”’

Armed with = this faith, Cromwell himself
struck. blow after:'blow. ‘‘He dashed ' dowi
Laud's miter and Charles throne; he was fo: e-
most in sending Charles himself to the scaffold;
in later years he destroyed 'Parliament afte1
‘Parliament.:
were hard. The noticeable ‘thing" about {hem
was that “they’ were permanently stcessful
Never again " did there appear in E’nglan( a
persecuting Church supportrng itself ‘an’ royal
absolutism; a monarchy restmg its elaims S()ltl}
on divine right; a Parhament dtfyn g the con-
stituéncies by which it'hadbeen elected as well
as the Goverment by which it had been sum-
moned.’ Constltutrondhsts nnght challtn e
the Negatrve V01ce as_claimed by Charles to
obstruct reform. . CromV\ el] exer(r(ed in
right of conformrtv vuth the permanent et
quirements of the natron %

| eyt T

A bulletin from Harvard" College Ol) er\a—
tory announces that a telegrarn r( ce 1\ ed fron
"Prof. 'E. B. Frost of the Yerks- Ob ervatory,
states that the supposed cocmet, announced as
having been drscovered by Melhsh on Sept-

ember 6, proves to be Herschel s l\ebula 3999
Creyer, 5261. '~

VRISV rw._ Qv\ i

Every now and then-
_a foolish techmcallty enables an artful judge to

‘whiskey atone time.

Cromwcll S Place m ;

ev ery

/i OO;%S AND - THEIR-FOLLY -

A late. repofrt from the 'western part of this
State:menti. ns a case where.one man died and
another was about to die, .as the result of an
idiotic wager to see which -could drink the most
“One- managed to drink
four quarts of the stuff, while the other could
only drink’ thxee At this stage, one fell to the

floor ina stupor, while the' .other managed to

‘get to hIS ‘home cl/ose by q {) Al IRy

/

"This is another 1llustrat10n of the pure fool-
hardmess of some men who seem to laek ordin-

'ary common sense, and it brmgs to mind the

old proverb about *“a’ ‘fool falling a v1ct1m of
his own fo]ly CE

The man who is alwa)s thmkmg “of ‘s¢me

"llfe rlsklng trick to play upon another 1nstead

‘of usmg his ‘brain to some" useful purpose is
“what the court -

another' unfortunate ‘of the 'samé order. In
the first instance it would secm as thcu5>11 the

“all wise Creator had provided ways for the
‘elimination of such unfortunate w eal\lmgs

This also brmgs to mlnd the thought that if
we are to continue to allow the free use of li-
quor to the foolish “and weak minded; it would

perhaps be best to give them a sufficient quan-

‘tity to make an early ﬁmsh in therr heedless

race of ‘self destruction.

By such' a course, much violence,’ crlrre,

misery'dnd want might be avo ded, ndt to'say
anything of the afflictivis” of 'loathsome dis-
‘ease that are too- of[en passed alnng to thL m-
“nocent and l elpless : ‘

)]
i)

“SEE NO ‘EVIL, HEAR NO EVILy 5%
SPEAK NO EVIL R

How shall I ¢ see ‘no evﬂ? :
“As the*sun on ‘the' ﬁlthy pool divit.in

Naught but the glow of its own cltan shlnlng y
So shall you see 1o eVrl?

I

How shall'l hear no evrl? ,
Asthe 1ar1< in the blue to“ ard heaven-igai

(R TR Jrdl SRl S0

“2winging

: 'Hears only the sound- of its clear smgrng,
Nor .was it merely that his  blows -

So shall*you' hear no ey: 11

How shall I speak nopevil ol s i e
o ‘As .thyself, thy reighbour’’ such-

; _loving kindness,
erl brmg the holy deafness and blmdness—

And dumbness—to speak no evil.,

A 'German naval officer is authority for the
statement that sixty-submarines have been put
in hand in German and' Belgiin yards since
the outbreak of the war Of these, twenty-
four are of about 2£0 tons displacement, twclve
of about 800 tons; and twenty-four of about
1200 tons. Accordmg to this authority, over
one -half ha\ e be en pas‘ed into servicea: d this,
at the trmc the stat(ment ‘was m. de, gives an
average rate of con pl(tlen of .about two boats
three weeks, At the present rate of
construction it would scem from these figures
that the German statement for theijr putting
out one boat a week may be correct,
