---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_035.jpg
---
p MBI

.IUSTx 1\MZRE M FNTI@N

) 2

Noted for h1s great act1v1ty for aman of his
.apphance that may revolutlomze the telephone

.age, General Roger A. Pryor, ex-justice of the
Supreme Court anda leading figure in the
Confederacy. recently, celebrated his erghty-
eight birthday in. New York City. While cut-
ting Grant’s wires of communicationshe. was
‘captured as a spy; he was worklng under Lee s
direction. Grant ‘and- Stanton wanfed him
hanged, but Lincoln saved his life! o

'One-of the fastest writers in the. mewspaper
ﬁelds Arthur Bt sbane, the well- known editorial
writer “for the New York Hearst pubhcatlon:
Heonce wr te thirty-two editorials in-one" day.
e has a cabm built on the roof of " his home,
and slc eps there with the windows open, during
summer and winter. In the summer. when the

early morning, 110ht awakens. h1m, ‘he ties,.a

black silk Landerchief ov er his 'eyes and falls
back to sleep. agam : - :

:tb OB S RE }t

, George Barr McCu cheon, author of twenty
popular novels is a collector of ﬁrst editions.
The author’s hobby; how: ver, .extends only to
first editions f English authors.His:collection
of these is large and  valuable 'and contains
many »thato-are (eremel\ i rare.? 'Mr.' Mc-
Cutcheon’ f ie ds-are'aware of" hlS interest in
this dircctionrand keep him well =upp11ed w;th
clues of. varlous :ort to run down. -

;,’" e L bk

PREE {
nyea &

Ifthey weie known by their real names,
'some of the bright'stars of the stage would be
unrecognizeable to American.audiences, -Who
knows Edward Fitzgerald, for instance? . And
who does not know, Eddie Foy? They are one
and the same. In .J878, Fitzgerald became Foy
when he made his first appearance c¢n the stage.
His career began. in the West—Far West, too.
He was one of the early performers of the con-
cert h lls f Leadville, Colo., when Leadville
was.in its prime, and it not only paid, but it
behooved the actor to please his audience.
B : Q} “‘

The Agriculture Department prepared a love-
1. little pamphlet containing colored pictures of
fifty prominent birds of the fie'd and orchard,
in native costume. The idea was to increase
people’s knowle'ge of pirds, so that if the
average mansteps out in the.back yard ‘and
sees a thrush, or a linnet, or a flamingo flitting
about the trees, he will be abletoca'lit by name.

_ Representative Ira C. Copeley caused to
be published in newspapers -of his district a
general  proclamation to the effect that, while
the suj ply: lasted, he would serd the pretty
little bird books to all who would write for
them, without money and without price.

- One constituent read the notice hastily and
thus became the victim of a . slight misunder-
standing. He sat down and wrote h1: C011gness-
man as follows:

“‘I have seen your advertlsement about free
birds and Ithmk I will choose a parrot IOr
send a crow.’ LS e S

- A’PHONE FOR THE POCKET
A Dutch inventor has recently patented an

ir. dustry The discovery was made by Mr. P.

“de Lange, a native of the ?\ethellands at the

Uuiversity of Utrecht.

The thermaphone is the name of the new
telephone and it consists of a telephone receiver
and transmitter which is so small that it can
be carried in ‘the vest pocket'and is no larger
than a watch. The magnet and the diaphragm

of the ordinary receiver are replaced by a loop

of an, exceedingly fine platinum wire and adisk
of aluminium perforated with fine holes.

. ‘“The receiver and transmitter are so small
they may .easily be carried in the vest pocket,
taking up no more space than the ordinary
watch. ~The. cost of: manufature is estlmated
at thirty American cents.

“Notwithstanding its diminutive size,: the
thermaphone—for so the inventor has named
it— appears to have .the advantage.over the
telephone of transmitting messages with perfect
clearness and distinctness, vocalization being
especially. good, and there being no confusion
of vowel sounds, letter, or figures. In. the
thermaphone the magnet and diaphragm of the
te ephoneé are climinated, there- being - sub-
stituted-a loop of exceedingly fine platinum wire
within a small @luminium cover pieced with
minute holes. Currents passing through the
wire cause changesin temperature, alternating
from heat to cold with great rapidity, the con-
sequent expansions and contractions of the sur-
rounding air becoming evident as sound.’’

The diminutive size of the receiver being no
larger than a lead pencil, makes it possible to
place the receiver in:. the car and leaves the
hands free to take notes during a conversation.

““The receiver 'is so small’ (being not 'more -

than an inch in lengh and about the thickness
of a lead pencil) that it may be placed in the

ear, connection being maintained by a thin :
: 5 . scious prlde

wire.. Either a single or double receiver may
be used, and the hands are' left free to make
notes of any messages transmitted.”’

The inventor hopes not only to-revolutionize
the telephone industry but also has conﬁdencc
that the instrument may be adapted to the
needs of those who are suffering from deafness

The small cost—a comp]ete appdratus costq

only thirty cents of Amencan monev—ltscom- _,.
and that VOlL may never receive. another blac k

pactness, simplicity, and cheapness of construc-
tion Commtnd g st commerc1al artl(‘]e oi

T very great promxbe e

SNOW A CURIOSlTY

During the past (southern) Winter the
people of Kimberley, South Africa, enjoyed
the unusual experience of a snowstorm. A “cor-
respondent of
azine’’ writes, that*'j eojle all turned out to
snowball, and the natives, many of whom had

never seen such a sight before, were most - ex- -
‘een hundredan’ noinety-sivin.

cited. My native charwoman ‘told me when
she woke in the morning that she thought some
one had been breaking into the shops and
had scattered flour-all over the place!”

to see him reachlng for the:strap?’’

‘fanC}f ve%t

sembling a motor car that hit you.”’

-resemblanCe.

teacher

two of ‘em.’,

“Symons’ Metropological Mag- -

, l IN LIGHTER VEIN

“‘Bobby,’’ said the lady' in the street -car,
severely, ‘“‘why don’t .you ,get up and. give
your seat to your father?  Doesn't it pain you

< :Not.ina car,’’ ‘A1t doee at

said. Bobby. :
home.’’ .

“You say you are engaged in some orlgmtll
research.” Upon what sub]ect?”

i trymo to discover why ‘the ink wont
flow from my fountain pen unless I place it in
an uprngnt posmon 1n the pocket of a light

“I.can remember when we-could get any idea
of how an election was going by taking a straw
vote.'’ e
_ “We mever depend on straw \otes out our
way. The only chance of learning which way
the election was going was  to discover which
side had the most two-dollar bills.’”: ‘

LM T

‘‘As a matter of fact,”’ said ‘the lawyer for
the defendant, trying to be sarcastic, ‘‘you
were scared half to death, and don’t know
whether it was a motor car or something re-
““‘It resembled one all right,”’ the ‘plaintiff
made an answer. “I was forc1blv struck by the

: J‘ )

W hat does tlns centence mean

€6 ¢

lcked the
Man proposes, but Goci d1Spose ¥ .»?,,‘”
A small boy in the back of the room wavcd
his hand frantxcalls
“thl Thomas,’
does it mean’" :
“It means

a1cl the teacher "f'i\rhat

answered Thomas with con-
‘that a man might ask a woman
to marry him, but on137 the Lor(] knows
whether she will or not.””

‘ T

A mmlster mectmg 2 n910111101 s boy v»ho
had just come out of a ﬁqht with a fearful
black eye, put his hand on the bo3 s head and

Sald,.t.\. S ) i)

.-\,yuboy 'lfﬂpra} yol. ma\ ne\ er ﬁght a,gam

7yt

eye. . oo
“That ‘idll ught 44 scud thL 1)0\ b 3011 20
home and pra\ Oyer your own kid, I gave him

Messers. Doolan” and” Rafferty were exam-
ining a fine public ‘building with much interest.
“Doolan,” said Rafferty, pointing to an in-
scription cut in a“huge stone. “‘ghwat 'does
thim litters, ‘M-D-C-C-C-X-C-V-I-I,” mane?’’
“Thot,” replied Mr. Doolan,

1

“manes eight-

“Doolan,’ sard " 'Mr. “Rafferty, ‘after a
thougtful pause, ‘‘don’t yez t 'ink they’ re over-
doin’ this shbellin’ reform a bit?"”’
