---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_036.jpg
---
4

PACKARD COMPANY TO PROMOTE
ONLY AMERICANS :

A recent report from Detroit, Mich., states
that the Packard Motor Car Co., will demand
that among its employes, from now on, Amer-
ican ideas, American patriotism and loyalty to
America shall be first in the minds and heatrs
of all Packard employes and on their stanch
Americanism will stand all hope of promotion.

The announcement has been made to 12,3C0
employes.

‘‘After this date, promotion to positions of
importancein the organization of this com-
pany will be given only to those who are
native-born or naturalized citizens of the
United States,, or to those of foreign birth who
have relinquished their foreign citizenship and
who have filed with our Government their first
papers applying for citizenship which must be
diligently followed to completion.

““A prerequisite to employment in this com-
pany is loyalty to our Government and our
flag.”’

BANNER YEAR FOR TRADE WITH
SOUTH AMERICA

A New York trade paper states that all
privious records for one calendar year of trade
between the United States and South America
were broken in 1915, according to figures
made public by the foreign trade department
of the National City Bank. Based on statistics
for eleven months for the entire country and
upon December’s figures for the port of New
York, the imports from South America last
year reached an estimated total of $320,000
000 and the exports to South America $145,000
000.

This combined total of $465,000,000 is greater
by about $92,000,000 than the figures of 1912,
the previous banner year. The imports are 40
per cent greater than in 1914, according to the
bank’s figures and the exports 60 per cent
greater.

HIGHLY IMPROVED GASOLINE
ENGINE INVENTED

A late report from Lancaster, Pa., states
that H. B. Keiper, president of the Champion
Blower and Forge Company, has received the
patent for a new kind of gasoline engine, in-
vented by himself, after three years of study
and experiments. It has Been tested over 2800
miles of road and consumes only half the
amount of gasoline used by an ordinary engine
and develops 25 per cent. more power.

In testing his new engine. Mr. Keiper used a
1913 Ford car for convenience in putting in
his engine. With this car the ordinary run
with a single gallon of gasoline has been 30
and 31 miles, through 32 7-10 miles have been
made. By using a single valve, which per-
forms the function of intakeand exhaust, there
is no commingling of pure gas with burnt gas,
because the latter is discharged before the
other enters the chamber. Because of the con-

THE UMPIRE

tracted size of this chamber, which just covers
the cylinder, every particle of power of the gas
acts directly on the cylinder, giving it increased
power that is lost in the old style engines.

The invention can be used for any style cf
automobile and for any work where a gasoline
engine is employed.

H. & F. CLUB NOTES
By A 8432, B 7927

There appears to be a misunderstanding re-
garding the rules of our entertainments, and
as quite a iew of our members have been com-
ing out on Saturdays. which they ‘are not en-
titled to, we would like to enlighten them on
this point.

Members must attend the entertainment

with their block or gallery.

If, on the particular Saturday, your block is
to go out, and for some reason, such as work
or illness you are unable to attend the enter-
tainment with them, let me know, we will give
you a ticket the following week.

When a member is to be discharged some-
time during the week, we wi!l give him a ticket
on the Saturday previous to his release.

A new member joining the club will be given
a ticket for the Saturday following the accept-
ance of his application for membership into
the club.

Each entertainment runs for a period of six
weeks, and every member is entitled to  see it
once and no more.

This week the 3, 9 and 12 Blocks go out.
Tickets will be given out on Saturday at noon.

IT COULDN'T BE DONE

Somebody said it couldn’t be done,
But he with a smile replied,

That ‘‘maybe it couldun’t,”’ but he would be one
Who couldn’t say so till he tried.

So he started right in with a trace of a grin
On his face, and if werried he hid it.

He started to sing as he tackled the thing
That couldn’t be done, and he did it.

Somebody scoffed: ‘‘Oh, you’ll never do that;
At least no one ever has done it.”’

But he took off his hat and slipped off his coat,
And the first thing we knew he’d begun it;

With a lift of his chin, and a bit of a grin
Without any doubting to quit it,

He started to sing as he tackled the thing
That couldn’t be done and he did it.

There are thousands to tell you it cannot be
done, ;
There are thousands to prophesy failure:
There are thousands to point out to you,
by one,
The dangers that wait to assail you;
But just buckle in with a bit of a grin,
Then take off your coat and go to it;
-Just start in to sing as you tackle the thing
. That “‘cannot be done’’ and you’ll do it.
—Author unknown.
(Printed by request.)

one

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

There is no obligation attached to the ‘‘ad” service bt’
this paper, but notices for publication must come through
your Overseer. =

FOR SALE—Clothes brushes, hair brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to
SIESORNB RIS ST BE G

FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern
deep-framing. Post cards, photos, certificates,
etc., framed. Send your number with request
to see work. B 7172, 12 B. 2)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3 B.

FOR SALE—10 violin folios 1st violin 20
pieces of each folio. Gigantic collection of 700
pieces, - One magnificent collection of violin
solos 600 pieces at $1.50 B 7173,7 G. (3)

FOR SALE—Scarfs made of Germantown
wool on frame 7x214 ft. from $!.50 up. Shawls
mzé;de on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391,
7G. 4)

WATCHES a0d CLOCKS revaired e
made to order, also fine engraving done. Work
first-class. B 7945, 7 G. 2)

For Sale—Inlaid boxes of superior workman- -
ship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable
prices. B 6270, 5th Gallery (3)

For Sale—Oval frames with raised convex
glass for Lorillard’s coupon enlargments, $! 25
Enlargments made and framed $2. 50 B 7243,
7th Block (3)

For Sale—New accordion, Italian model $6 50
also Bottle with Cross enclosed, beautiful
Curio. $1.00 B 7794, 10 Block (3)

FOR SALE —Fancy hand painted post cards
done in oil and water color, 6 for 5c. Photo
enlargements in crayon. 8 B. B 6829 (6)

FOR SALE—Violin in good condition, in-
struction book and 4 violin folios, all for $3.50.
Going out soon. B 7663. 12 G. (6)

FOR SALE—Combination jig saw, for scroll
work, or small furniture, cheap. B 7784, 5G. (6)

FOR SALE—Scarfs and throws of German-
town wool, best work, lowest prices. B 7107,
B R : " (6)

FOR SALE—Lord's Prayers 15x20, all pen
flourish with gold shading; also 15 styles post
cards. B 6982, 9. B. : (7

FOR SALE—Pure tone violin rare bargain,
$10. B 5867, 7 B. (7)

FOR S;‘\LE—Thor;ler Gg;man Accordeon
with case and instruction book. Cost $8, will
sell for $4.50. B 6153, 5 B. 7)

FOR SALE—Oil paintings on canvas,A glass
and wood, different sizes, alsn painting done
to order at reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy German silver rings; also
tooth picks and stick pins at reasonable prices.
Work guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722, 7G (5)

FOR SALE—3 fine singing ‘canaries, pair
now breeding, 1 breeding cage, 1 brass cage—
all for $6, cost $10.50. B 7680, 7B. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy shades made of cambric,
or crepe paper, all colors, 25c. B 6894, 12 B. (5)

FOR SALE—A 17 ribbed, 8 string mandolin,
worth $7.50 will sell for $2.50. Going home.
B 6861, 10 B. )

~ FOR SALE—1 single dartboard $3. 1 double
dartboard $3.50, copper wire and well finished.
B 7483, 1 B. : (8)

. FOR SALE—Music_stand 50cts., and Ital-
1an—English and English—Italian Dictionery
for $2. B 5676, 12 B 1 G, - (8)

