---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_037.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

VOL. V

- THE UMPIRE

| Philadelphia, March 1, 1916

Edited and Printed
- By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 9

E. S. P. REPORT SHATTERS |
CRIMINAL THEORIES

Inspecfors 86th Annual Report Gives
Record of Occupants

Those who read the 86th annual report of
the Inspectors of the Eastern Penitentiary for
last year, just issued, will find most of their
theories of criminology and penology shaken.
Of the 672 prisoners admitted during the year,
for instance, only two are listed under crim-
inal occupations. They are classed as thieves.
The remaining 670 belong to about every pro-
fession and occupation, from acting to nursing
and from doctoring to brush making.

This, coupled with the fact that only 52 of
the number previously have served one or more
terms in the Eastern Penitentiary, would sup-
port the contention of Warden Robert J.
McKenty and other progressive prison reform-
ers that penal institutions should be considered
opportunities for reformation and rehabilita-
tion, rather than for mere punitive treatment.
Especially significant in this connection is the
Warden’s report that ‘‘the vocational train-
ing, as offered by the vocational training
schools of the institution, is eagerly sought by
the prisoners, and we still continue to hear
good reports of quite a number of those dis-
charged who were taught various trades while
confined here.

Classified as to crimes, the 672 are divided
as follows: Crimes against person, 172; against
property, 407: against person and property, 93.
Of the crimes against person, murder in the
second degree is the leading offense,fthere being
35. Larceny leadsin the crimes against pro-
perty with 99. This is followed by burglary,
63: entry to steal and larceny, 44. Conspiracy
is the crime of which 8 are accused, while 5are
charged with embezzlement.

At the close of 1915, the report continues,
there were 1159 white males, 14 white females,
357 colored males, 15 colored females, or a
total of 1545. This represents an increase 1in
the population of 1914 of 82. The largest
number present during the last year was 1661
and the smallest 1462, the average being 1588.

The report says the discipline has been gcod
and that the prisoners voluntarily contributed
to the Children’s Hospital $66 94 and to the
Lincoln Memorial Hospital $27.35. They also
contributed a fund by which Christmas pack-
ages were sent to 285 children of prisoners

The good results of the educational system of

the prison is demonstrated by the fact that,

of those discharged 120 who were illiterate
when received, all but six could read and write

when discharged.

BETHTHEM STEEL PLANT
TO BE EXPANDED

The plans that the Bethlehem Steel Corpora-
tion have in view in the way of alterations or
extentions to its newly acquired properties of
the Pennsylvania Steel Company, principally
at Steelton and Sparrows Point, Md., are now
nearly perfected, said a local official of the
Corporation recently.

Plans for the expenditure of millions of dol-
lars are under way, though nothing positive
has been decided. - It can be said, however,
that present plans do not include a big ship-
yard at Sparrows Point.

. President E. G. Grace, of the Bethlehem
Steel Corporation, and a'party of officials, ar-
rived home Monday, after making a several
days’ inspection trip of the new properties. In
an interview President Grace said:

‘““We have completed our inspection trip of
the properties of the Pennsylvania Steel Com-
pany at Steelton, Pa., and Sparrows Point,
Md., and are favorably impressed with our
new acquisition. We have noticed the papers
quoting us saying that instead of making cer-
tain contemplated improvements at Bethlehem
they would be transferred to Maryland Point.

It is quite possible that certain additional
lines which we had planned ultimately to place
at South Bethlehem may gotoeitherMaryland
or Steelton, but, if so, other lines will take
their place in our development at South Beth-
lehem.

We may find that it will be more advantage-
ous to place certain products at Maryland or
Steelton, while other lines will be better loca-
ted at South Bethlehem; but we wish to take
the oppo'rtunity of assuring the public that in
building up the new properties we shall in no
way lessen the importance of the Bethlehem
plant or its further deveiopment.”’

MOVIES TO SHOW PICTURES OF
HUMAN BLOOD IN CIRCULATION

By taking microscopic moving pictures of
the blood in circulation in the human body, it
is expected that enlarged pictures may be pro-
jected on the screen at the. moving picture
shows. This exacting work has been developed
recently under the direction of Dr. C. E. Stew-
art, at one of Battle Creek, Michigan, sanita-
riums.

These pictures, said to be the first of their
kind ever produced, will show how the blood
is circulated through the body, where, how
and why obstructions arise and the methods of

treating poor circulation. Several months of

the most painstaken and exacting work were,

requi.ed to produce these pictures. .

Great credit is due to Dr Stewart for his
success in this line of work, as it required a
rare order of patience and skill to accomplish
.atisfactory results.

CONGRESSMAN VARE VISITS
SECRETARY DANIELS

Seeks to Impress Advantages of Phila-
delphia for Location of Armor Plant

A Washington report states that Represent.
ative William S. Vare came from Philadelphia
Monday to appear before Secretary Daniels
and urge that the Government armor plant vt
authorized by Congress, should be located in
Philadelphia. In his conversation with Mr.
Vare, Secretary Daniels is reported to have said
that the Government would required twice as
much armor as heretofore, and the building of
a Government armor plant would not interfere
with private concerns. :

Mr. Vare before returning to Philadelphia
said that he had impressed upon Mr. Daniels
the advantages of Philadelphia for the armor
plant, the research laboratory, anda central
iron foundry.

““I tried to show Secretary Daniels the need
for the proposed 1700-foot drydock at Phila-
delphia,”” added Mr. Vare. ‘‘I explained to
him that if he still advocated a drydock at Nor-
folk, he should recommend two drydocks, so
that the logical selection of the Philadelphia
Navy Yard may still be made. Mr. Daniels
said that he would carefully consider the sug-
gestion that there be two drydocks, if it should
still be deemed expedient to place one at Nor-
folk, but he will give his decision before the
House Naval Affairs Committee the latter part
of March.”’

PENNSYLVANIA STATE COLLEGE
PROFEESSOR LECTURES AT
THEFRGS P

Prof. Thos. I. Mairs, of the Pennsylvania
State College, gave a very interesting lecture at
the Industrial Building of this institution, on
Friday afternoon of last week. The discouse
covered general agricultural subjects and was.
most intersting and instructive. Prof. Mairs
said that it was intended to have a lecture at
this institution on some agricultural subject,
each Friday in the futher. This will be good
news for the inmates interested in that course
of study, and will prove a help in prefecting
their lessons. T here were about one hundred
and twenty-five inmates students present, and
all seemed highly pleased with the lecture.

“Sailor’s Day™ Approved By Daniels

An increasing navy means that America
must soon have one of the greatest merchant
marines in the world,is the opinion of Secre-
tary of the Navy Daniels, expreseep in a letter
to Super. King of Charlestown, Mass., Sailor’s
haven. The letter contained Mr. Daniel‘s ap-
proval of a plan to make Sunday, May 7,
““Qailor’s Dav’’ in the churches.
