---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_038.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Prmted at the Eastem State Pemtentxary Phlladelphxa
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
ReJected art 1c1es w1ll not be retumed

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery-

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
wnter s re01stered number

B 741 3 Edltor

Phlladelphla, March 1, 1916

-PrisoN PorpurLATION—Males 1502. Females
29. Total 1531. Last serial number B 8138

THE TEST OF CHARACTER

It was a noted writer who said that ‘‘one of
the greatest tests of character was to be de-
prived of the credit that is due.”” When one
performs a good deed there are often those

who will rise up to claim the credit of the ori-

gin of the idea, or its enactment, or both, for
themselves. They make no hesitation to thrust
the modest originator into the background
with the hope that he may be forgotten or ig-
nored, depending upon their own nerve, or
seeming standing to carry off the honors.

But if we look about us we will see that the
most admirable creatures that really help to
brighten the lives of others less fortunate than
themselves, are usually those who 20 quietly
to work for the help and benefit of their fellow-
man, indiffercnt of the ascription of the praise.

Unfortunately there are some who will not
make an effort in any undertaking until they
may feel assured that their own name in it will
be well heralded about, that they may thus
add to their own prestige. In fact, the selfish
minded persons must see their own cards at-
tached to the performance of an act, and they
try to impress you with their 1mportance and
influence.

In this day of advancement and hustle there
is not always time to thank another for some
trifling service, though at hcart you may in-
deed feel very grateful for a little lift over
“stony places.”” But our praise loving man
has felt slighted because he has not been duly
thanked. v

What a great pity it is that we cannot be

contented to take appreciation for granted,

and let it go at that.

It frequently happens—or it should, if the
case warrants—that you may go out of your
way to do someone a good turn, and when you
have done it there comes no immediate return
for your friendly act. Yet there is always the
thought that you have done for another as you
would like to have them do unto you, which
is really the right spirit..

Those who seek the noisy heraldry are those
to whom the thoughtiul most reluctantly con-
cede it. The ones whose golden opinions are

plicity, and are not dissemblers.

worth winning are disgusted with a man’s
proclamation of his own merit. Never was an
ego so small as in these days when myriads of
the noblest pass through the fire to Moloch.
What room is there for the pride of life and
the wvanity of human wishes? The self-as-
sessed great ones never seemed so mean and
trivial as in the vivid light from the battle-
fires. How little noise the soldier spirits made
as they marched to their immolation! They
were drowned cut by the self-sekers—but the
ages to come will take account of them, be-
cause they did not seek their own.

Sincere men are stirred most by the uncon-
scious heroisms. The hero is as great in soli-
tude as when ‘he is laureled and acclaimed.

They do not court popularity and invite es-
teem. They put the work far ahead of the
workman, and magnify the deed, not the doer.
Those who demand that we pause every little
while to notice them are tiresome and ob-
structive. They have not outgrown the child-
ishness that calls insistently for admiring at-
tention to every iittle achievement. When
Solomon found that all was vanity, perhaps he
was exasperated by a mighty host about him
clamorous for the credit of evetything that
glorified his reign, but if so, he never showed
1.

QUALITIES OF FRIENDSHIP

At times we may enjoy the brilliant, superfi-
cial conversationalist. Their talk sparkles like
the fireflies on a summer night. They have
been everywhere—claim to know about all the
people worth knowing—have seen all the sights
worth seeing, and have done nearly everything
worth doing. Perhaps we may feel somewhat
behind the times, a little stupid and abashed
while we are in their presence. When the
scene is changed we are glad to be back with
those who cause us to feel at'ease by their gra-
cious tact, thoughtfulness and endearing kind-
ness. They lead us to feel that we and they
are on nearly even terms; they do not seek to
seem grandly superior that we may feel our
lack of superior qualities. To be in the pres-
ence of such a’'genuinely wholesome perscn is
an actual delight. They look straight at us
when they speak, and their eyes denote sin-
cerity, for they depend upon truth and sim-
For they say
just what they mean and would rather seem
kind than exceedingly clever. Truly these are
the qualities that wear well, and the very es-
sence of all real friendship.

THE FRENCH «“PITTSBURGH"

An intersting account of Lens, toward which
the French recently made a tremendous drive
on their way northeastward in the direction of
Lille, forms the subject of the primer on war
geography issued by the National Geography
Society:—

" “Lens is a strong iron and stee] center.

Its great iron foundries supplied co nsiderable
part of the French trade in peace times, and
its engineering works ranked high among simi-

-regularly - every two weeks,

lar industries. There is also a large factory
for the production of steel cables among its
establishments. The place is not upon the
tourist’s map of France, however, for it isa
strictly modern business town, and, before the
Germans lines passed over and beyond it, was
full of restless energy, of the unlovely noise
and grime of factories, and of the unattractive
commonplaces of labor and commerce.

“The region all around is an industrial one.
Through this district of the department of Pass
de Calais run large coal fields. Lens is one of
the centers of coal mining. The town is sit-
uated thirteen miles north-northeast of Arras,
around which later place the French and Ger-
mans have been fighting with increasing bit-
terness for months. It is connected hy French
line railways with Arras and St. Pol and Bet-
hume, in the south-east and east, and with
Lille, twenty-five miles to the norteast. Lille
isa railway center and a manufacturing town
of firstimportance. Lens had just before the
present war a population of 28,000,

‘“Lens has had an eventful history, as all
those cities have had which are scattered
through the important northern and north-
eastern parts of France. Its grounds were
frequently fought over during the wars of the
fifteenth, sixteenth and seventcenth centuries.
The outstanding occurrence in its military
history was the greut battle fought in its
neighborhood by the French and the Spaniards
in 1648, in which Louis 11 of Bourbon, Prince
of Conde, gained the victory for the French,

JUST GOING ON

“There is light at the end of the darkest
path. The clear light of dawn follows every
night. Somewhere, some day, there will be
God’s hand strerched across all the failures, all
the heartaches, all the sins, giving to your'
heart and mine a fuller life and higger powers,
if only, one step after another,
just on.’

A STRANGE WIRELESS STATION

On Swan Island, in the Caribbean Sea, is
situated whatis probably the most isolated
wireless station in the world. The station
crew is made up of three operators, two en-
gineers, a cook, a machinist and three laborers.
No women are permitted to land on the island.
Men who express a willingness to 20 to Swan
Island, are obliged to sign a contract whereby
they agree to remain at least eighteen months,
or waive their right to free return transpor-
tation. Those remaining the full paijod of
service are teturned to their homes by way of
one of the Central America ports and are
granted six weeks’ vacation with full pa

Strangely enough, there is no dlfﬁcu]ty in
obtaining men to man the station, Applicants,
indeed, exceed the number of vacancies, Board
and lodging, of course, are supplied, a boat
bearing all provisions
fresh meat;

we g0 on—

necessary,
and the mail as well,

including

arriving
Some men have
remained on the island as long as two years
and a half and, subsequently,
glad to return to the station.

have been
