---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_039.jpg
---
R THE UMPIRE Ry 7 3
JUST MERE MENTION . AN UNUSUAL RIVER —_—

Mr. E. St Elmo Lewis who resigned his posi-
tion with the Burroughs Adding Machine Com-
pany to become general manager of the Art
Metal Construction Company was, a few years
ago, an office clerk. Mr. Lewis is now con-
sidered one of the best business writers in the
world.

o

It-is said that ex-Congressman and ex-Mayor
John F. Fitzgerald of Boston, did not get his
nickname “Honey Fitz’’ because of his smooth
ways in politics or sweet even disposition while
campaigning and otherwise vote hunting.
Long before he was singing ‘“‘Sweet Adeline’’
everywhere on all occasions without the least
provocation, when rag-time and coon-songs
were popular, he used to sing an old cake-walk
melody that had something to do with the
words ‘‘Ma Honey' in the chorus.

5

Those who have read ‘‘Richard Carvel’’
know that fencing playsa prominent part in
Winston Churchill’s first big novel, and experts
agree that what he wrote about it is technicaily
perfect. This is because that sturdy author’s
favorite amusement and exercise is fencing.
When he was a student at Annapolis he excelled
in it and nothing pleases him better now than
to take down a pair of foils and have a friend-
ly go with some one who is skilful.

Whenever he i> writing he goes about it as
though he were a factory employe, starting in
every morning at eight o’clock and working
untii,one. He is as careful to be at his writing
at eight o’clock sharp as any industrious
mechanic is about being at his bench on time.
But after he has put in five ‘solid hours of
writing, if he can have someone join him for
twenty minutes or so at fencing, he is perfectly

happy.
S

A Membcr of Congress made a speech on a
particulary dreary subject one afternoon. Dry
~as the subject was, however, the man spoke in
impassioned t. ne, pounded the table, waved
his arms like semaphores, and carried on gen-
erally. One would have chought he was plead-
ing to save the only son and sole support of a
widowed mother from being shot at sunrise.

When he had finished, the emotional mem-
ber happened to take a seat near Represent-
ative C. B. Smith, of Buffalo, N. Y and he
asked what he thought of the speech.

“It was all right,”” Smith replied without
enthusiasm. :

““Now, tell me the truth,”’
other member. [ should like your
opinion.”’

“Well’” said Smith, ‘‘you know I used to be
a newspaper man, and a long time ago [ found
that it was unwise to. place a seven-column
headline on an unimportant news item. Be-
cause then there’s nothing bigger to use when
something really important happens. It’s the
same way, I look at it, with speeches.”

persisted the
frank

Westerners tell of the queer behavior and
changes of course indulged in by the Missouri
River, and Texans aver that for pure cussed-
ness and general fickleness no stream of water
can approach the Rio Grande. There is, ‘how-
ever, a stream in New England, whereof the
rest of the country hears little, which should,
in plain justice, be accorded a place in the
list of queer behaving bodies of water.

This is the North .River in Massachusetts.

It has its source in a pond near Hanson,
whence it proceeds in a tortuous course to the
sea at Scituate. Now the distance, by air line,
from Hanson to Scituate is only ten miles; but
by the North River it is forty.

New Englanders aver that, when the tide is
coming in, the North River runs upstream,
and not only that, but the upper part of it,
which is fresh water, also runs up. Thus; this
queer stream presents the strangest spectacle
of a fresh water river proceeding up hill

The North Rivers’ claim to eccentricity is,
not, however, limited to this fact. It is SO
crooked that it doubles itself. At one spot near
Hanove this river, by accomplishing three
loopes, moves toward the sea for a distance of
only fifty feet, and wanders about for a dis-
tance of fifteen miles in doing it.

In November, 1898, the North River got
very cantankerous. It moved its mouth three
miles to the Northward, thus making a present
to the town of Marshfield, of a deep hardor.
[n so doing it killed three men and converted
about two hundred thousand acres of good
meadow land into a saltmarsh."

Historically, the North River is of note as
being the scene of the last Indian raid on the
coast settlements.

BATTLESHIP DRIVE BY
ELECTRICITY

When the United States superdreadnaught,
“California,”” is launched this year at the
Brooklyn Navy Yard, the first battleship in
the world to be driven by electricity will take
to the ocean. Curiously enough, it will slip
down the ways just one hundred years after
the first steam-propelled battleship went to
pieces in a terrific boiler explosion while she
lay at the Navy Yard dock.

The ““California’’ will derive her power from
turbogenerators. These vary but little in con-
struction from turbogenerators in use ashore.

‘Operated at normal capacity they will insure

the new battleship an average speed of twenty-

one knots. Slow-speed motors will transmit

‘the power to the propellers, thus doing away

with strain on the crankshafts. Four screws
will drive the ship, and provision is made
whe:eby, in case of emergency, one generator
alone will suffice to operate her.

Ready for sea service, the ¢California’’ will
represent an expenditure of over seven million
dollars.. Her length will be 624 feet; her
breadth. ninety-seven feet and her draft thirty
feet. She will have a displacement of thirty-
two thousand tons and will carry a main bat-
tery of twelve 14-two 5-inch rapid-fire guns.

” IN LIGHTER VEIN “
*ﬁ_—

“Is Alice musical?’’ ;
“No, but she always sings if you ask her.””
S

From a small boy’s letter to his chum:

“You know Bob Jones’ neck? Well he fell
in the river up to it.”’
: S

Pat—I hear you and the boys struck for
shorter hours. Did you get ‘em? [

Mike—Sure. We’re not working at all now.

S

The Music Student—That piece you have
just played is by Mozart, isn't it?

The Hurdy-Gurdy Man—No; by Handel.

S

In the wee hours of the morn, the suburb-
anite got off the train at the home station.
Going to the telegraph-cffice, he sent this
message: ‘“Will not be at office today. Am not
home yesterday yet.’’

o

Agent—Can I interest you in a vacuum
cleaner, madam?

Housewife—No. My husband gets sham-
poohed at the barbers.

S

He—You don’t seem to take our engage-
ment seriously.

She—Of course not. If I had I would not
have engaged myself to you.

S _
“When water becomes ice,”’ asked the
teacher, ‘“‘what is the great change that takes
place?’’

““The greatest change ma’am,’’
little boy, ‘“‘is the change in price.”’

‘“Yes,”” he remarked, streching himself lazily
in the one really comfortable chair in the com-
mercial room. The story is from Fun.
the youngest child of a very big family.”’

“How many of you are there?”’ asked a fel-
low knight of the road

“Well,”” replied the lazy cne, “three of my
brothers are dead, but there were ten of us
boys and ‘each of us had a sister.’’ :

said the

{KI‘m

“What!”” gasped the questioner. Do vonu
mean to say that there were twenty of vyoy?”
“Dear, dear, no—only eleven.’’
5
William did not shine as a student, and his’

reports clearly proved this, yvet he
his mother that he was right
class.

“You see,’” he explained when one of his re-
ports was under scrutiny, ‘‘that ‘E’ ;g for
cellent’ and that ‘D’ is for ‘dandy.’ ”’ \

“But,”” persisted his mother, ““{he little girl
across the the street gets almost nothing but
‘A’s on her reports.”

“Well, mother,”” responded the boy, “I hate -
to give her away, but that ‘A’ stands for
winlilt = ' :

And it is said that he got away with it.

insisted to
at the top of his

3

EXo
