---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_040.jpg
---
4
BASE BALL

The Managers of the several teams of the
<‘Eastern State Penitentiary Base Ball League’’
met last week for the purpose of organization
for the season of 1916. The meetinig was called
to order by Mr. William McKenty, who pre-
sided over the formal proceedings.

No. 6453 was selected manager of the ‘‘Cubs”
after which 8010 was elected President of the
Base Ball Comission. The selection of a sec-
retary was deferred to a later date. The new
President then took the chair and announced
that under his adminstration he expected the
cordial and undivided support, of every body,
officials, officers and men and that he would
make every effort to bring about success to
the league and a ‘‘square deal’”’ for everyone
without fear or favor. He counseled the man-
agers to do their best to impress upon the
members of their teams to be careful of their
conduct on and off the field and thus set an ex-
ample to all the men here in showing by their
conduct that the confindence reposed in them
by the officials is justified and that they are
still men, entitled to fair treatment and
a futher extension of privileges upon their
honor. “Fairplay’”’ was the keynote of his
remarks and he asks that all the men here
“‘play fair’’—He hoped that our league might
set an example of clean sportsmanship to the
leagues outside the walls.

The League then gave a vote of thanks to

'N. Snellenburg & Co. and Mr. Pratt the

manager of their Sporting Department and
orderad a letter to be sent to that firm.

A schedule of 72 games was then drawn up
and adopted. The first games will be on Apr.
12, between the Printers and the Shed, and
the Ninth and Cubs. The last games of the
season will be Sept. 27, between the Ninth and
Shed, and Cubs and Printers. After which
will come the Championship series.

The president subsequently interviewed the
Warden, who approved the schedule and gave
his consent to begin practice on April 1, with
privilege of taking up the necessary collection
for paraphernalia, etc., and for the managers
to sign up players after March 1 and other
detail matters.

Players will hereafter sign and be held for
the season unless sooner traded or replaced by
their clubs. Base balls lost in playing must
be returned hereafter, when found, to the
President of the Commission.

Teams and “fans’’ will be expected to go
promptly and directly to the grounds when
<unlocked.”” Games will be played on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Fridays as usual,
weather permitting. Competent Scorers and
Umpires are requested to send their Names,
Numbers and Block to the President and this
means Competent men only.

The following men are the respective man-
agers of the different teams—

Ninth (B)5881, Cubs (6453), Shed (B)7166
Printers (B)7685.—
Now let the players sign up and then ‘‘Play

Ball’’.
PrESIDENT, B 8010.

THE UMPIRE

NEW METHOD OF GAS-MAKING
USING BY-PRODUCT

It is announced that methods employed by
gas companies for extracting the various by-
products arising from manufacture of gas, the
dye-making chemicalsin particular, soon will
be taken up by the American Gas Company,
of this city. By April 1 the Philadelphia Sub-
urban Gas and Electric Company, a subsidiary
of the American Company, will put into oper-
ation its new plant at Chester, fully equipped
to extract these valuable by-products.

The extraction of cyanogen, valuable as a
dye ingredient, will be specially pushed. This
chemical enters largely into the manufacture
of blue-dyes, the bluing solutionuse in washing
particularly. Itsgreatest market, however, is
in the preparation of cyanide of potassium a
chemical necessary in refining gold. This pro-
duct, while not absolutely harmful if not ex-
tracted in the gas-making process, is, mnever-
theless, troublesome, as it acts on the iron
work in the gas holders. The production by
the same process of benzol, highly valuable for
its entrance into the manufacure of smokeless
powder, will form another department at the
Chester plant.

Both of these chemicals have been put into
the class of “war brides,”’ so far as profits are
concerned, by the demand caused by the war.
The exigencies of the dye situation have forced
manufacturers to scrutinize every available
means for getting togather dye ingredients, and
by-products formerly of little value have as-
sumed very imporiant proportions in view of
their utilization in domestic dye manufacture-
The American Gas Company, it is understood’
will carry on this enterprise on a strictly pro-
fitable business basis, and adequate facilities
for handling the articles in a commercial way
are to be provided.

SUNDAY’S SONG SERVICE

The regular monthly song service was given

I b . .
by the combined inmate choirs and orchestra.

on Sunday afternoon last. The hymns were
well sung and evoked considerable applause
from the large number of visitors who were
present. The Chaplain, Rev. Joseph Welch,
gave an address which was well spiced with
telling truths that pleased and edified the as-
sembled inmates and guests.

H. & F. CLUB NOTES
By A 8432, B 7927

This week the 10, 11 and 4 Blocks go out. -

Tickets will he given out Saturday at noon.

Compensation Law Proves Popular Only

300 Out of 210,000 Reject Liability Act

The Philadelphia Claim Men’s Association
met Saturday at the Bellevue-Stratford,. and
after a dinner, discussed statistics and com:
pensation laws.

_Paul N. Furman, chief of the Bureau of Sta-
tistics, presided. He said that of the 210000
employers in the State, only 300 had rejected
the terms of the compensation law, and that
both employers and workers were satisfied
with the act.

THE UMPIRE AD COLUM

There is no obligation attached to the ‘‘ad’ service of
this paper, but notices for publication must come through
your Overseer.

FOR SALE—Clothes brushes, hair brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to
$1.50. B 1381, 7B. G

FOR SALE—Passe Partout pictures, modern
deep-framing. Post cards, photos, certificates,
etc., framed. Send your number with request
to see work. B 7172, 12 B. (2)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3 B. :

FOR SALE—Scarfs made of Germantown
wool on frame 7x215 ft. from $!.50 up. Shawls
made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391,
7 G. 4)

~ WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry
made to order, also fine engraving done. Work
first-class. B 7945, 7 G. %)

For Sale—Inlaid boxes of superior workman-
ship. Also boxes made to order at reasonable
prices. B 6270, 5th Gallery 3)

For Sale—Oval frames with raised convex
glass for Lorillard’s coupon enlargments. $! 25
Enlargments made and framed $2.50 B 7243,
7th Block (3)

FOR SALE—FancIy hand painted post cards
done in oil and water color, 6 for 5c. Photo
enlargements in crayon. 8 B. B 6829 (6)

"~ FOR SALE—Scarfs and throws of German-
town wool, best work, lowest prices. B 7107,
ik (6)

FOR SALE—Lord's Prayers 15x20, all pen
flourish with gold shading; also 15 styles post

cards. B 6982, 9. B. (7
FOR SALE—Pure tone violin rare bargain,
$10. B 5867, 7 B. (7)

FOR SALE—Thorner éérrr]an Accordeon
with case and instruction book. Cost $8, will
sell for $4.50. B 6153, 5 B. (7)

FOR SALE—Oil paintings on canvas,wglass
and wood, different sizes, also painting done
to order at reasonable price. B 7730, 10B. (5)

W-FOR SALE—Fancy German silver rings; also
tooth picks and stick pins at reasonable prices.
Work guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722, 7G (5)

FOR SALE—3 fine singing canaries, pair
now breeding, 1 breeding cage, 1 brass cage—
all for $6, cost $10.50. B 7680. 7B. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy shades made of cambric,
or crepe paper, all colors, 25c. B 6894. 12 B. (5)

FOR SALELA 17 1ibbed '8 string mandolin
worth $7.50 will sell for $2.50. Going home.
B 6861, 10 B. (8)

" FOR SALE—1 single dartboard $3, 1 double
dartboard $3.50, copper wire and well finished.
B 7483, 1 B. (®)

FOR SALE—Music stand 50cts., and Ttal-
ian—English and English—Italian Dictionery
for S 2B 56 76,12 BEISG | (8)

NOTICE——SS;féfy razor blé&es s"“;l.'pén_ed- ;t
2c¢ each. Gill(ftte blades 8c. ‘B 5400, 12 B. (9)

i EOR SALE—3 g:lt frz;n“e.wpictures 20x24
inches, also 42 pas<e partout pictures. Will
sell reasonable. B 6303 9B. 9)

FOR SALE—E flat piccolo, J. W. Pepper
make, in gnod condition; also instruction book
with finger chart. 2 books, one with 43 and
the other 62 pieces for piccolo. All for only
$3.60. B 701675 B (9)

