---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_041.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

VOL. V

THE UMPIRE

. Philadelphia, March 8, 1916

__ Edited and Printed
By Inmates of. the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO 10

GREATEST MUSICAL EVENT
IN AMERILAN HISTORY

Takes Place at Academy of MuSic in
Phildelphia, Where Mahler's 8th
Symphony Was Performed

One of the greatest musical eventsin his-
tory, took place at the Academy of Music in
this city, on Friday night last week. The
occassion was the production of Gustav Mah-
ler’s Eight Symphony, with Leopold Stokowski
as conductor. Those' who were under his
splendid leadership in the stupendous under-
taking, were’the Philadelphia Chorus of 400
voices and a Childrens chorus of 150, the Men-
delssohn Club, the Philadelphia Choral Sociéty,
and Fortnightly Club of “400 voices, and the
Pailadelphia Orchestra composed of 110 playerg
and eight soloists; making a total of 1068
performers of which 958 were singers. This
delightful event will go down in history as one
of the occassion that help to make Philadelphia
and its ‘music” loving citizens famous. “Mr.
Stukowski has been very desirous of present?
ing this beautiful symphony since 1910, when
he was admltted to the rehearsals at -Munich,
in that year.: ‘I have of ten wondered ‘says
Mr. Stokowski, just “what would be the sen-
sations of the first white man who came sud-
denly face to face with the great Falls of
Niagara. Undoubtedly some thing of the same
feeling of awe—the flashing insight into in-
finity—I felt before this mlghtv att-work of
Mahler.”’

The pecformance at the Academy, was
presented for the first time in this country; the
last previous production being at Berlin; on
May 17 1912. In all, but three times in its
history.

Lack of space in these columns prevents ad-
equate description of this musical marvel bemg
given, and it is said that never before has there
been assembled at one time and place such a
large gethering of well known musicians and
music loving people as were present at the
Academy, on this-occasion. |

“To Leopold Stokowski, as a premier conduc-
tor; the: musncxans and the splendid chorus, is
due unquahﬁed praise for ‘the successful pro-
duction of this notable work of art.

‘Two years of inccssant “labor has been re-
warded with a decerving tribute of praise and
appreciation from all who were in attendance.

At the close of the magnificent performance,
there occurred a demonsiration of enthusiastic
a, proval from the audience that is seldom ex-
penenced by anyone in this great worll of ours.
Mr Stokowski has pioven his right to thetitle
of Premier Conductor, by the productlon of
thi- master-piece of art.

REGULAR ARMY TO BE
INC]{EASED“T 0 170,000 MEN

House Bill Also Provides For N ational
Guardsmen and Federal Volunteers

It is stated in a report. from Washington,
that final agreement was reached by the
House Military Committee, on its bill for the
increase of the army, and it will be reported
unanimously to the House early next week. In
round figures the measure would authorize the
formation of an army composed of regulars,
National Guardsmen and Federal Volunteers,
with a total peace strength of approximately
700;000 men.

It provides for a maximum strength of 140 -
000 fighting troops for the regular army, for a
minimum of 425,000 for the National Guard,
with in five years, and for organization of Fed-
eral volunteers through an extension of a sum-
mer training camp idea. It is  estimated that
1,000,000 men can be enrolled in.the later
force. T ;

The bill retains provision for orgamzatxon
of industrial and technical reserves behind the
fighting lines, and authorizes the creation of a
board of officers to control an industrial mob-
ilization in time iof war or imminence;of war.

_ It also: providcs that manufacturers of war
mater.als must give immediate preference to
Government orders in war time, or when there
is danger of war, under heavy penalty  for
failure to do so.

REPRESENTATIVE VARE TO THE
FRONT FOR NAVY YARD CRANE

A late report from Washington, 'states that
Representative William S. Vare, of Phila.,
has'récently introduced a bill in the house ‘to
provide for an appropriation of $500,000 for
construction of a floating crane of the receiv er
type at L.eague Island to handle adequately
heavy guns, gun equxpment engines and boil-
ers for battleships. The bill is expected to
pass the House without serious opposition.

WARDEN McKENTY TO SPEAK -
AT CIVIC RALLY

Warden Robert J. McKenty has been in-
vited to speak on penology and prison reform,
at the first civic rally of the Drexel Biddle
Bible CleSées tomorrow night, in the Fifth St.
Methodlst Temple. Representative Isadore
Stern and A. J. Drexel Biddle W1]l also delxver
addresses. :

- This is said to be the largest Bible class in
the city, which will assure the Warden ofa
- good attendance on this’ occasian.

ADMIRAL FLE TLHER SAYS
U S. DREADNAUGHTS LEAD

That House Naval Commlttee 1s Told
“Navy’s Officers and Men Are Most
Skillful in the World

The latest dspatch from Washington, states
that a. most encouraging report on the condition
and efficiency of the nation’s sea forces was
given the House Naval Commlttee by Admiral
Frank Fletcher, commander-in-chief of the At-
lantic fleet, In individual fighting efficiency,
Admiral Fletcher declared, the dreadnaughts
of the United States led the world, -while in the
skill of its officers and men the navy had no
reason to fear comparlson of that of any other
POWer - FRTEE

Describing some of the fh'in7gs the navy is
doing in the light of lessons" of the European
war, the admiral said ‘one ship of the fleet re-
cently -had hurled 7 out 42 huge projectiles
through a target 20 by 60 feet at a’ range of
eight to nine miles, or 16,000 to 18,000 yards.
The longest ranges usedin’ ‘naval engagements
of the European war thus" far, he. etplamed
were 16,000 to 17,000 yards.” s

Judging from reports’ from- various: ships
which have been engaged in ‘target practice at
Guantanamo during the last month, Admiral
Fletcher said ‘it was probable that from 10 to
20 per cent, of the' shots fired could be landed
on a battleship at 18,000 yards. 5

The object now; he added, was to “straddle’’
the target ‘with salvos, the chances being that
approximately - one-fourth of  the projectiles
would land on a ship thus straddled. :

It is expected that the committee will take
favorable action on the bill to authorize officers
of the marine corps to accept emplovment m
the Haltlzm constabulary : s

FASTEST U, S. VESSEL A
~ TORPEDOBOAT CHASER

A late report from Washington, states that
a vessel designed to be the fastest boat in the
United States Navy, is being built by the Green
Port Basin and Construction Company at
Green Port, L. I. The craft, a torpedoboat
chaser, will have a speed of 41 miles an hour
Equipment with double rudders will make it
possible to turn the boat in its own length. It
will carry one-pound rapid-fire guns and a 16-
inch torpedo tube. Drawing only 2 feet 10
inches of water, the craft w111 be able to skim
over mines. »

Twenty boats of similar construction were
recently completed for the Rusqxan Govern-
ment by the same company.
