---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_042.jpg
---
n

2

THE UMPIRE

d

THE UMPIRE

W

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers :

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Phlladelphxa
every Wednesday.

MSS. —Ongmal matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Re;ected articles will not be returned.

All commumcatlons should be addressed The Umpn‘e
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery- g .

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
wnter s reﬂxstered number

B 7413: Editor.

Phlladelphla, March 8, 1916

.__-——_—___________——————_‘——————'_————-————_——_"_-

PrisoN PopuLATION—Males 1490. Females
29. Total 1519 Last serial number B 8142
W

WE SHOULD HAVE FRIENDS

One of the greatest mistakes we can make in
life is when we limit our regard for others, with
the thought of saving something for ourselves.
When we do this, we will fall short to the ex-
tent that we had hoped to gain.

Parsimony profits us little when we wish it
merely to rob another of a little happiness. The
best that we may expect of the highest position
that one may hope to attain in life, depends
very largely on how we treat others in our bus-
iness and social relations.

It is unquestionably true that no man can
manage a business enterprise, or command a
segiment of soldiers successfully without the
hearty co-operation and confidence of his em-
ployes or of his soldiers. Likewise in private
life, one cannot get on without friends, and to
be be deserving of them we must show a friend-
ly spirit.

Unfortunate indeed, is the man who lacks
true friends. It will require no stretch of the
imagination to understand that to be destitute
of the consoling and comforting sympathy of a
friend in the hour of trial is one of the saddest
occurrences that can befall us. Like unto the
unfortunate soul of the poet’s verse, ‘‘he may fix
his gaze on the evening sky, with its crown of
indifferent stars,” and repeat to himself, ‘‘this
is indeed a lonely world for such as I.”

In the hour of necessity, a man who has made
friends can fill his hours with pleasurable mem-
ory, even though he may “live on the lonely
sands by the sea,”’ or on a mountain top, and
be happy.

AS A MAN THINKETH

You may not realize it, but the fact is that
you are now engaged in creating your future.
Every thought, every action you entertain or
{ollow out, tends to become a part of your life.

If one allows doubts, or fears, or hate to fill
the mind, it builds itself intoand becomes a
a part of your character and in the end exhib-
its itself in your being.

Unwholesome or negative thoughts, if enter-
tained in the mind will finally build around

"in national

themselves an atmosphere of general weakness

and uncertainty.

There is but one course to follow and be a
winner, and that is to have faith in the future;
the habit of praise of a good deed or act; to be
of uplifting constructive thought, which will
eventually develop a strong, clean and healthy
mind, and an atmosphere of tranquility and
power. i

It is an old saying that *“you are no greater
than the sum total of your habits and thoughts;"
which may be readily understood by those who
are of observing mind. That which you think
today and the day after, and so continue, will
be entwined into your very life of tomorrow,
and so on until the end.

How clear it all seems after a httle introspec-
tion. “Sow a thoughtand reap a habit.” Like-
wise habit develops into character; and charac-
ter will shape your Destiny.

FACE YOUR TROUBLES

It was a very prominent and successful man
affairs who said that, ‘‘cvery
trouble that came his way he tricd to make in-
to an example to teach the better way to face

a similar circumstances in the future. For in
that way, I am sure to learn ”’
How simple and yet how true. When we

come to look upon trouble as a great barrier,
we are sure to develope a moral wea' ness and
in time we drift into some haven f chariy.
And with the passing of a few years after our
death those who recall us to mind will be but
few in number.

It mav be an exaggeration to say that we
should be on the outlook for trouble at any
time, as it seems a part of the routine of life,
and every day that pasces by withcut coi-
tention is a surprise, as it lcaves us witlcut
its attendant lesson, and I fcel that something
of disciplinary value to the mind is missing.

SEA POWER PARADOX

Writing' in “Land and Water,”” A. H.
Pollen states that it is one of the paradoxes
of the present war that the pcssession of an
invincible navy, instead of frecing Creat
Britain from military obligaticns, has placed
them upon her shouldcrs. He points out that
so absolutely has the eremy accepted the
British sea supr¢macy, that she has lost both
the advantages and disadyantages of her in-
sular position. “So far,’’” says he, ‘“from our
great fleet having relieved us of the duty of
maintaininrg an army proportionate in strength
to itself, it is precisely the fleet and nothing
else which, by enabling Great Britain to use
Such a force, has imposed upon her the burden
of creating it.”’

‘““There can be no secret in life and morals,
because Nature has provided that every beau-
tiful thought you know and every precious
statement you feel shall shine out of your face,
so that all who are good enough may see, know,
understand and appreciate. You may keep
things only by giving them away.”’

COME UP HIGHER

By James G. Clark

I saw the mountains stand

Silent, wonderful, a d grand,
Looking out across the land

When the golden light was falling
On distant dome and spire;

And heard a low voice calling
“‘Come up higher, come up higher
From the lowland and the mire,
From the mist of earth desire,
From the vain pursuit of pelf,
From the attitude of self:

Come up higher, come up higher.”’

STAR NEIGHBORS

Mr. C. E. Housden, an English hydraulie
engineer, publisheda few years ago a somewhat
startling book on Mars, in which he furnished
detailed information in regard to the system of
pipes and pumping stations whereby (in his
opinion) the Martiuns are enablcd to irrigate
ti eir arid plaiet. He has now produed a
little br chure, entitled ‘“‘Is Venus Inhabited?”’
in which similar engi eering achicvements are.
attributed to the problem. tical inhabitants of
Venus. Mr Hous len scts out from the opinion
of Sthiapa elli and Lowell, that Ve. us always
turnsthe sim - face tothe sun  Admitting the.
presen e of water, this-would result in one half
of the planet’s surface being permanently
locked in ice, while o the other excessi\_/(-ly
hot and arid condicions ‘would prevail. The
writer assumes the habitable portion of the
planet.to be.a zone .of the sunlit hemisphere
bordering the ice ficlds of the dark hemisphcre. .
Melting glaciers from this ice would sulypl_\;‘
water, which, to prevent evaporatior, the-
Ve:.usians would convey in pipes rather than
open channels to the places where they desi: ed
to use it. The book cotains an extensive dis~
cussion of Venusian metcorology, and .is plau-
sible enough to be intersting.

«RICOCHET" BULLETS

Acco:ding to a writer in the February “Pop-
ular Science Monthly, and World's .\dvance,”’
most of the repoits ccncerning the use of dum-,
dum bullets in the woild war have been una_u,-’::
thentic. Fe says: “Itis now thought that the,:
charges on each side that dum-dum bullets Were;‘
‘being used were caused by the peculiar effect of
what has come to be known as a ‘ricochet’ ,L;.ul--
let. Thisis a bullet which has struck a very,
hard substance with such force that it burst its
jacket and then rebounded and hit a soldier.
The X-ray has revealed many ‘ricochet’ bullets.
They make a large wound, n uch lacerated and
bruised.’’

‘““Love of . God can be shown
way, and thatc
fellowmen.”’

in only one
by the treatment of your

““The industrious man is light-hearted— the
man who wo. ks is the hap_y n.an.”’
