---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_043.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

JUST MERE MENTION

During the delivery of a sermon on ‘‘Faith,’”’
former President Patton, of Princeton, said:
‘““You have blind faith in the physician. He
gives you medicine and tells you to take it.
You take it. ‘Yours not to reason why; yours
but to do and die.””’

it

George W. Cable the Southner writer, was
visiting a Western city where he was invited
to inspect a free library. The librarian con-
ducted the famous writer through the building
until they finally reached the department of
books devoted to fiction. :

‘“We have all your books, Mr. Cable,’’
proudly said the librarian. ‘‘You see there
they are—all of them on the shelves there: not
one missing.”’ e ey

And Mr. Cable’s hearty laugh was not for
the reason that the librarian thought!

S

; Archbishoﬂ Ryan was visiting a small parish
iIi a mining district one day for the purpose of
administering confirmation, and asked one
nervous little girl what matrimony is. =

““It is a state of terrible torment which those
who enter are compelled to undergo for a time
to prejare them for a ' brighter and better
world,’’ she said.

“No no,”’ remonstrated her rector: “that
isn’t matrimony: that's the definition of purga-
tory.”’ :

‘“‘Leave her alone,”” said the Archbishop;
““maybe she is right. What do you and I
know about it?”” = - Ry

) S

A number of famous Americans are really
not Americans at all. For example, Frances
Hodgson Burnett, so viten referred to as the
popular American authoress, was born in Eng-
land; Ernest Thompson-Seton is a Canadian,
as are also Charles G. D.  Roberts, Bliss Car-
man, and the Reverend Francis E. Clark, the
the founder of the United Society of Christian
Endeavor:‘]acob Riis was a Dane, and Docter
Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of the
telephone, is a native of Scotland; Henry Clews
the banker, and Timothy Cole, the famous
wood engraver, are both Englishmen, and
Annie Russell, the actress, isan Englishwoman,
havih- been born in Liverpool.

&

jot;n D. Rof:kefeller]r., once asked a clergy -
man to give him an appropriate Bible verse on
which to base an ‘address which he was to
make at the latter’s church.

¢] was thinking said, young Rockefeller,
¢ hat [ would take the verse from the twenty-
¢hird Psalm. The Lord is 'my Shepherd.”
Would that seem appropriate?’’

“Quite,’” said the clergyman; ‘‘but do vou
réally want an appropriate verse?’’

¢¢[ certainly do >’ was the reply.

“eeyell then,’’ said the clergyman, with a
twink'le' in his eye, ‘I would select the verse in
the 'same ~Psalm: ‘Th u anointest my head
with oil: my ctup runneth over.”’ A 4

/ in * the

- THE FINE SEAPORT OF VARNA.

Varna, the latest port city to feel the bur-
dens of war, Bulgaria’s Black Sea port, isthus
described in a war primer issued by the Nat-
ional Geographic Society:—

Varna is the first seaport of Bulgaria.
situated in the north, near the present bound-
ary of Rumania, on the Bay of Varna, a ca-
pacious, sheltered inlet of the Black Sea. It
is connected by rail with all of the important
regions of the country which it has long served
as principal outlet. It possesses an incompar-
ably finer harborthan Dedeagatch, the Aegean
port of Bulgaria, from whose development so
much future advantage is expected. It lies
within easy steaming distance of Russia’snaval

‘port Sevastopol, being about 300 miles distant.

““The port is the third city of the Kingdom,
ranking after Sofia and Philippopolis, and it
has been strongly fortified. It has played an

. important part in Burgaria’s military history,

as the chief point in the socalled ‘Varna quad-
rilateral’ which formed the basis of Bulgaria’s
defense toward the north and east before the

' loss of Dobrudja to Rumania after the Treaty

of Bucharest. The quadrilateral wascomposed
of Varna, Shumla, Rutschuk and Silistria.
Silistria is now well within the Rumanian
frontier, close upon the Danube. Rustchuk,
Shumla and Varna now form a triangle of fort-
resses, stretched along the northeastern Bul-
garian frontier. ,

‘“Varna is 325 miles by rail east-north-east
of Sofia, the capiteol. It is connected with
Rustchuk, in the northwest, and with Sofia,
west, by trunkline railways, while
branches connect it with central and southern
parts of the Kingdom. The railway from
Rustchuk was opened in 1867, and with its
coming began the city’s prosperity. Borgas,
south of Varna, has given it strenuous com-
petition during recent years.

““The city is built on the hilly northern

shore of the bay,which besides offering peculiar
facilities for defense, makes it very picturesque.
At its foot, the River Devna cuts through the
mountains to the sea, and all around the hills
shut in the valley and the port. Despite con-
siderable modern effort at improvement, the
city plainly showsits age, and its irregular, ill-
paved streets, lined with outworn buildings,
breathe the peace of a forgotten valley. Sev-
eral industries, however, have penetrated to
the city, and modern restlessness and modern
smartness stands just before, as the prosperity

of the Kingdom and of its first port grows..

Varna has a population of about 38,000.

ELECTRIC RAIN

A new scheme for artificially producing rain
is to be tried out in Australia, where there are
large sections of land that would be vauable for
agricultural purposes if sufficient moisture
could be insured. A captive ballion ata
height of 6000 to 7000 feet and anchored in
the path of prevailing winds will be used to
discharge electricity into the atmosphere; and
it is hoped thus to cause sufficient ionization
to provide nuclei upon which the moisture of
the clouds will condense.

e s

” IN LIGHTER VEIN

‘“‘What is the definition of a kiss?’’ asked
the teacher of a girl at class.

‘] should say it was a noun—both common
and proper.”’

5

“Do you darn your husband’s socks?” asked
Mrs. Higgins of Mrs. Smith.

“Darn them?” echoed Mrs. Smith.
dear, I use a stronger word than that.”’

: 2 ‘

“Every time the baby looks into my face he
smiles,”’ said Mr. Meekins. ‘

““Well,”” answered his wife, ‘it may not be
exactly polite, but it shows he has a sense of
humor.”

“My

S

‘‘So this is your stucio?”

‘‘As you see:”

“‘But it is very cold here.”

‘“Yes,” said the artist, ‘““ust now I am
painting a frieze.” ' '

| > T

Small Girl; Why doesn’t baby talk, Father?

Father: He can’t talk yet, dear. Young.
babies never do. ; :

Small Girl: Oh, yes, they do. Job did.
Nurse read to me out of the Bible how Job
cursed the day he was born! :

2

““I fancy last night finished my reputation,”
said young Harold as his friend looked him up
the night after the ball. SRR R R

“‘Finished you?’’ asked the friend. = ' =+

“Why, not at all, man. Haven'’t you seei’
this morning’s papers? You're the social hero;
everybody thinks you have invented a new
danee.”’

S

It was the first time that the polite little girl
had been on a visit alone, and papa had care-
fully instructed  her asto how she should be-
have. ;

““Now,’’ he had said, ‘‘if they ask you to
dine with them, you must say: ‘No, thank
you, I have already dined.” "’

It turned out just as papa had anticipated.

“Come, Marjorie,”” her little friend’s father
had said: you must stay and have a bite with
sh '

“No, thank you,’’ said the small miss with
dignity; ‘‘I have already bitten.’’

S

To his little native town a busy city man re-
cently returned for a visit. As he had not seen
the place nor its people for a long time he was
kept busy greeting old friends. Among those
whom he encountered was an elderly spinster,
who beamed upon him with:

¢Oh Mr. Smith! I am sure you don’t re-
member me!”’

“Remember you!”’ gallantly exclaimed the.
city man, quite carried away by his wish to be
friéndl§*. “As if I could forget yow, Miss,
Dixon! Why you are one of the landmarks of
the old town!”’

)
