---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_044.jpg
---
e M——WM“——’—"‘*’W T——————

- Bellevue-Stratford,

- surprise on

U P

THE UMPIRE

FORMER WARDEN OF WESTERN
PENITENTIARY PASSES AWAY

.Edward S. Wright, aged 86, former
warden of the Western _Penitentiary __ died
jast ‘week at the home. of his daughter, Mrs.
D. C. Boyece, in thtsburgh 'He was warden
of the penitentiary 33 years but had been
retired since 1902.

Mr. Wright was born in Dudley, England, and
came to Pittsburgh when ‘a_youth. ““He *held
various positions, among them a clerkship on
the Pittsburgh~ Gazette. Capt Wright ob-
tained his title during the ‘Civil War, at which
time he was made captain of Company F.
62nd Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Dean Kirchwey To Lecture At Public
‘Charities Association Meeting

Capt.

Announcement was made yesterday by the
Public Charities Association of Pennsylvania,
that Dean George W. Kirchwey, of the Law
School of Columbia University, would address
a public meeting in the' Clover Room of the
‘tomorrow evening. Dean
Kirchwey is acting warden of Sing Sing Prison,
having been appointed to the post by  Gover-
nor Charles S. Whitman, of New York, follow-
ing the withdrawel of Thomas ‘Mott Osborne,,
as a result of attacks which are ‘still the sub-
ject of political and legal dlscusmon in’ that
State. At - '

Councilman Davis Besolntion Asks
For Bigger Arseanl At Frankford
-Select Councilman Ellwood S. Davis, of the

23d Ward, introduced aresolution in :Select-

Council yesterday, asking.that the Appropria-
tion Committee of Congress .be requested to
vote sufficient money.to the Frankford Arse-
nal toassure the enlargement of the plant by
the purchase of additional land and the erec-
tion of new buildings. The resolution was
passed and went to the Common Council.

SOCIETY NOTE

An unusual and pleasant social event occurrcd
here last week on Block 2, where “our girls”
are abiding temporarlly in this ‘‘Rest Retreat.”’
The occasion was the bnthdav of Matron Laum
T. Boal. There was a very actlve consplracy
between all of the girls and Matrons BSEre-
her and M. C. Snvder to sprmg a very pleasant
“Lady Laura’”’ when she came on
duty at 4 P. M. Both these good and kind-
hearte(l matrons entered heartlly into the “‘con-
spiracy’
tron Boal unawares in a happy way.

A beautiful table wasspread in the reception
room and -decorated with flowers and" fruits
and’a splefidid “banquet was ready ‘for Mrs.
Boal'when she arrived, and unsuspecti‘ngly'es-
corted into the room:

She was greeted with 1pplause by all and
to say she was dumbfounded is to put it mildly.

Tears of joy and thanks came to the good lady’s:

eyes, but she-was too full for utterence. Re-
freshments were then served ‘toall handsand
amidst felicitations from everybod} and wishes

for many-happy returns of the day the “party” v

dispersed.

B RS IS o .

e e e s o I

> of their inmate’ ‘charges to take Ma-

WOULD POLICE MEXICO -
WITH LARGE ARMY

Senator Fall Urges Invasion Of That
~ Country to Protect U. S. Citizens

A New York report states that Senator Albert
B. Fall, Repubhcan, of New Mexico, at the
close of his address yesterday at the Lawyers’
Club on the pohcy of the United States toward
Mexico said: ,

el favor the lmmedlate trgamzatlon of an
army of 500,000 men, ostensibly for the polic-
ing of Mexico, or for the invasion of that, coun-
try to protect our citizens if necessary. I do

i not mean that the United States should annex

Mexico. That I would never agree to, but
should it be kept in a peaceful condition as a
buffer State between this country and Latin-
American republics to the south of it.”’

H. & F. CLUB _NOTES,
By A 8432, B7927

The magazines will be issued this week, the
delay has been due toa change in our ]1brary
system.

Hereafter cards will be issued, with the sub-
scribers number on, and the amocunt paid,
and when you return the book to the librarian
he will punch your card for the number “of
days you have used it, the rates will be 2cents
a day or 3 days for 5 cents this will'e'i'iable you
to hold the book‘as long as you w1sh "at the
above rates. 4

In case you wish to change ‘your subscrip—
tion to some other magazine notify the librarian
B'7201, not' later than the 15th of the preceed-
ing month. Please keep your’book in good
condition, as you ‘will be charged full prlce for
it, if you mutilate it in any’ way.

New subscriptions’ will not be recieved for
less than 25 cents. Those having already sub-
scribed, will recieve cards for the amount paid
in.  Those wishing to renew their subscriptions
or make a complaint of any kind, will notify
their Delegate, who in turn will give thelr num-
ber to the lerarxan

Receipts and' disbursements of ‘the Honor

and Friendship Club Treasurer s report March-

1, 19 16:
‘ Recexpts: :
Shown in previous reports._______  $345.02
_ Contributions and repayments_____ . 191.16
CominissionSion salest 22 ‘2o, 2 ofo@ Z2usif iy

Sale'okold ‘paper L T SN List )

Magazine subscriptions___  _: ____° 111.45
Miscellancous ST TG o S RS B 2.30
iEotal s $708.55
i Disbursements: HT

Shown in previous reports - ____._‘___$279.19
Gifts, donations and char1t1es _____ % 0
Education-and recreation.__.__________ 1.45
Miscellaneous purchases______ - _._____ 12651
Tl balance L0 L Airand inewang Myl iohign)
iliota [ et $7l)8 519

- B 6689, Treasurer . -

e R T R Sy

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

There is no obligation attached to the ‘‘ad” service of
this paper, but notices for Dubllcatlon must come through
your Overseer.

Inmates who fail to notify the Umpire Ofﬁce when adver-
tlsed goods are sold w1ll be demed future use of Ad column A

FOR SALE——Clothes brushes hair brushes
and shoe brushes. with inlaid backs 35cts. to
$1.50. B 1381, 7B." (**)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3 B

FOR SALE—Scarfs made of . Germantown
wool on frame 7x2%4 ft. from $!.50 up. Shawls
made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. - B 6014 & B 6391,
7 G. ‘ b (4)

WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry
made to order, also fine ehgraving done. Work
first-class. "B 7945; 7 G.- - @)

FOR SALE Fancy hand painted post cards
done in oil and water color, 6 for 5c. Photo
enlargements in crayon. 8 B. B 6829 (6) "

FOR SALE—Scarfs ~and throws of German-
town wool, best work, lowest prices. B 7107,
7 B. (6)

FOR SALE——Lord S, Pravers 15x20, all pen
flourish with gold shadxng. also 15 styles post_
cards "B 6982, 9. B. (7)

FOR SALE—Pure tone Vlohn rare bargann ‘
$10. . B 5867, 7 B. (7)

FOR ‘SALE—Thorner Ger.man Accordeon
with case and instruction book. Cost $8, will
sell for $4.50. B 6153, 5 B. : (7)

*FOR SALE=—Oil paintings-on eanvas, eliss
and wood, different sizes, also -painting done .
to order at reasonable price. B 7730, 10B.- (5) :

FOR SALE—Fancy German -silver;_rin‘gs, alco
tooth picks-and stick pins at reasonable prices.:
Work guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722, 7G.  (5)

FOll SALE—3 fine singing carfaries, pair
now breeding, 1 breeding cage, 1 brass cage—
all for $6, cost $10 50. B 7680. TR L {(5)

FOR SALE—Fancy shades made of cambric,
or crepe paper,all colors, 25¢c. B 6894. 12 B. (5)

FOR SALE—1 single dartboard $3, 1 double!

. dartboard-$3.50, copper wire and well finished.

B4 835l B (8)
‘FOR SALE—Music stand 50cts.

,-and Ital-

- ian—English and English—Italian Dictionery

for $2. B 5676, 12 B 1 G. B

NOTICE—-Safety fazor blades s“arpened at
2c each Gillette blades'3c. B 5400, 12 B. (9}

FOR QALE—'—’—B gllt frame plctntes 20x24

inches, also- 42 passe. parrout plctures Will
sell reasonable. B 630.5 9B. 4 ()
FOR SALE—L flat piccolo, J. W. Pepper

make, in gnod condition; also instruction book
with ﬁnger chart. 2books one with 43 and
the other 62 pieces for piccolo. All for only
B350 B 065 EBY ; (9)

FOR SALE—Easter head Collars & Chains
for Ladies, latest style,” prices reasonable.
B 5496, 12 B 2nd G. (9)

l?OR;SALEf (nllet"t"e Qafet§; l?wzor & lnne
hatf-doz. new blades price aln ost new. B 6803,

" 12.B. e e

FOR SALE—Eleven string Wevman Man-
dolin, good tone, true ﬁngermg B 6056 10B. (9)

FOR" SALE—Cornet Tromb Vlolm and
Mandolin, all in good.. condition, also instruc-
BIOSK Bk i i i 169)

tion books.
