---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_045.jpg
---
Devoted to th
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

| THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, March 15, 1916

NO. 11

U. S. TROOPS READY
TO ENTER MEXICO

General Pershing To Command Troops
[n Search of Villa

Recent Villa outrages upon Americans, is ex-
pected to make it necessary to send United
States troops under General Fershing to enter
Mexico through Juarez.

The signal corps company at Fort Bliss was
made ready for service on Monday, and
at Fort Bliss Camp. At Fort Bliss and
Camp Cotton, active and almost feverish
preparations were being made for the in-
vasion to capture Villa. A mountain-mule
battery of artillery will accompany the expedi-
tion for use in the western Chihuahua country,
where Villa is expected to take his men for a
stand against the Americans.

Pursuit and capture of Villa is the sole pur-
pose of the punitive expedition into Mexico,
declared General John J. Pershing in a state-
ment issued to quiet excitement among Mexi-
cans in his section: His statement is as follows:

“It should be deeply impressed upon every-
body that the only purpose of the entry of
American troops into Mexico at this time, is
the pursuit and capture of \illa and his band
of brigands. It is a most friendly act of as-
sistance on our part. This should be recog-
nized Ly all true friends of the de facto gov-
ernment on both sides of the Line.

“It i> no time to indulge in idle theories
about invasion. 1 give the Mexican people
too much credit for common sense to think
they will not gladly accept our aid in eliminat-
ing 11 inte. .ational outlaw.”’

MJOST POWERFUL U. S. WARSEIP
PLACED IN COMMISSION

A despatéh from Boston, Mass., states that
the superdreadnought Nevada, the most power
ful American warship ready -for action, was
placed in commission at the .Charleston Navy
Yard, on Saturday last. The Nevada adds a
tonnage of 27,500 to-the United States navy
and an armament of 10-14-inch guns, which
constitutes her main battery:

In the absence of her commander, Captain
William F. Sims, the siginal for hoisting the
national flag aud the _commissionship was
given by Commander J. F. Tompkins, ex-
ecutive officer of the ship. The orders placing
the Nevada in commission were read by Lieu-
tenant Commander Hasbrouck, first aid to
Captain William Bush, commandant of the
yard.

EIGHT-HOUR DAY DISCUSSED
BY OPERATORS AND MINERS

From New York it is reported that the sub-
committee of the anthracite operators and
miners which met there recently discussed the
demand for an eight-hour day in the hard coal
fields. John P. White, president of the United
Mine Workers, gave an interpretation of how
he expected the eight-hour day to work if the
anthracite operators granted this concession.

The request of the miners embraced in their
second demand covering a 20 per cent increase
in wages, also occupied the attention of the
conference. The miners’ representatives con-
tended that the increased cost of living wasa
serious problem for the men, as the purchasing
power of their earnings was less now than in
the past. They submitted statistics computed
from date furnished by business men in the
anthracite district, purporting to show in-
creases inrents and other necessities of life.
While no final agreement was reached on either
question, it is beleive that a satisfactory solu-
tion will soon be forthcoming.

NEW SECRETARY SAYS HE
«HAS GREAT DEAL TO LEARN™

The newly appointed Secretary of War, New:-
ton D. Baker, ex-Mayor of Cleveland, O., left
that city on Friday of last week for Washing-
ton, to take the oath of office and enter upon
his duties in that capacity.

Mr. Baker occupied much of his time for the
last few days in receiving the congratulations
of his friends and shaping his private affairs
with reference to his absence from Cleveland.

To some of his friends Mr. Baker said jok-
ingly just before leaving:

I shall have a great deal to learn. When a

" boy I never played with tin soldiers.”’

It is saic¢ that while Mr. Baker was City So-
licitor of Cleveland, that he was considered to
be a man of exceptional legal ability, and busi-
ness acumen. It is expected that he will
prove to be well fitted for his new position,
though exrerience in military matters have
been lacking.

COMMISSIONER MONAGHAN
MENTIONED FOR JUDGESHIP

Recent information from reliable sources in-
dicates that John Monaghan, of the Public
Service Commission, soon will be appointed by
Governor Brumbaugh to fill the vacancy in the
Philadelphia Common Pleas Court, which was
caused by the death of Judge Ralston.

Both the McNichol and Vare elements in the
organization are favorable to Mr. Monaghan,
who is noted for his diplomatic and legal abil-
ities, and would seem to be the most logical
choice for the position.

INDICATION OF KNOX FOR
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE

National Republican Leaders Said To
Favor Him For Strength And
Harmony In Party

From information recently received, it would
appear that the national Republican leaders
really prefer Philander C. Knox to Supreme
Court Justice Hughes, as a reunion Pres-
idental candidate. That is, they are said to
favor Mr. Knox in the event that circumstances
dictate the nomination of some one other than
Colonel Roosevelt.

This is not the first time that Mr. Knox,
whose reputation is national and international,
has been seriously discussed as a harmony
candidate. Butit was pointed out, in the state-
ment of Colonel Roosevelt, that he would not
enter actively into the primary fights of the
several States has directed particular attention
to possible compromises.

One of the reasons why Mr. Knox became
the united choice of Pennsylvania’s progress- .
ives and Republicans for the nomination for
the United States Senate, to succeed Senator
Oliver, was that Flinn and other Roosevelt
leaders indorsed the idea. :

In doing so they prepared the way for an ex-
tension of the Pennsylvania harmony between
Republicans and Progressives to the country
at large. Mr. Knox’s friends feel that this
condition will find ample reflection in the Re-
publican and Progressive naticnal conventions

The possibility of Mr. Knox becoming the
presidential nominee has aroused so much dis-
cussion throughout the State, that alrcady
there is talk of Mr. Knox’s successor as a can-
didate for the United States Senate. Were Mr.
Knox to win the presidential nomination. the
Republican State Committee would choose his
successor as a candidate for the United States
Senate. For that honor both the Penrose and
Vare factions look with favor upon Senator
Crow, of Fayette County, Republican State
chairman. Senator Crow, it recalled,
withdrew from the senatorial field on behalf of
Mr. Knox.

was

St. Patrick’s Day Celebration
by Cartoonists School

The Eastern Cartoon School is preparing for
a St. Patrick’s Day celebration Friday even-
ing. There will be an exhibition of St. Patrick
cartoons by the students; Fred Alstaetter will
entertain, W. D. Wilcox will give recitations,
and music will be furnished by a string band.
Many prominent cartoonists have been invited,
