---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_046.jpg
---
i e R U £ e e S e e e e e S L e

2

THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

e

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers,

”Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Reijected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire

‘Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to

delivery.
To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

B VVVB 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, March 15, 1916

__——————————"_“___________‘—_‘_—-‘_—————————"-'—-_-——-—

PrisoN PopuLATION—Males 1482. Females
98. Total 1510 Last serial number B 8150
MWM

TRUE DECISION OF CHARACTER

Writing for one of thelate periodicals, Chas.
H. Arnell says, “that true decision of charac-
ter is one among the greatest secrets of success
in life, and yet very few of us realize its im-
portance until too late in life.” This may be
true, but the Almighty has seen fit to create
in every individual the germ of this quality,
and if we will pay attention to the impulses
of our own conscience, and make .a careful
study of the qualities which have led others to
succeed, we will have found that decision of
character plays the leading part in the great
strife for success in our lives.

It lies with us to cultivate character. If we
associate with intelligent people, of good moral
stamina, and pass a fair amount of our time
reading worthy literature, it will help greatly
to lead us on the right way through life. And
if to that we add honesty and truthfulness in
our dealings with others, we will build up a
character that will be of great worth and ut-
most importance to us.

Many, many of highly intelligent men and
women have failed simply for the want of the
right kind of courage at the moment of great-
est need, and perhaps at the same time may
have been able to see many less gifted ones
press on to the higher and better places in life.
All because of the lack of decision of character.
It is no doubt true that ‘‘there is a tide in the
affairs of men,which taken at the flood leads on
to fortune,’’ though it is not every one that
has the insight to tell the time of the flood;
and sorry to say, many, after being able to tell
it, have lost its advantages through lack of
pluck to embark upon it before the ebb came,
and the chance lost for all time. :

JUST HAD TO WIN

‘At one of the practice games of a well known
foot-ball team, a big tackle had been brought
over to the field from one of the tryout teams,
to have his first “go’’ with the ‘‘big onmes.”
He entered the game and succeeded well until
the other side had the ball.
what was expected of him. He failed to ‘‘break
through.”” The coach at this point stopped

Then he failed in-

the game and stepped over to him and said: courage that guages the real worth of a man;

‘““What is the trouble? Why don’t you get that stiffens his backbone for the effort to
through?’’ he said. : begin all over again.

““The man opposite me is not playing fair. If we face our difficulties with a smile and
He is holding me,’’ said the tackle. give no though to doubt, or that which has

““If he holds you again I'll put you off the gone before, there will be small chance for
field!”’ flashed back the coach. , failure in the end.

To be sure, as the tackle said, it is against It is when we permit the mind to wander
the rules to hold an opponent unless he has the back to past illusions or (ifficulties, that a
ball, but the coach wanted results and not ex- sense of weakness may come over us; but
cuses. His position was that a man ought some never so, if we look straight ahead and turn
how to break away; that no man must let him- our thoughts into proper channels, that we
self be held. Which is true. No one ought to let may see the way clearing before our view
himeelf be held. Though the excuse may be He who hesitates, or looks back is lost. But
excellent, a player who permits himself to be the man who faces the future, with a smile and
held is put out of the game as effectively as who keeps the golden light of cheer before his
though he were off the field. mental vision, is bound to Win.

Those who accomplish things worth while in
this world of strife, are those who will not let
themselves be held back. Though there may
always be things enough to impede them, which
might furnish excellent ground for excuses,
they simply should not allow the mind to
harbor the idea of an excuse for being held.

UNDERSTANDING

By Rose Le Vaux-Royer

“He that hath ears to hcar, let him hear.”

e Dy Have pity, Thou, for the unseeing eye;—
THE BIBLE AS LITERATURE For him who, sceing, understandeth not.
“We have been learning during the last half Oh, raise their insight to the perfect sky
century that a knowledge of English literature Of promised vision by the earth-bound sought!

in an indispensable element in public educa-

s % .p : o % " Restore the sound attuned beyond the sense;

tion;’’ writes a promiment author, ‘“‘that in R fiehoaringt o Fruthishinhestt y

getting to know,’ as Matthew Arnold contend- Sesthung fneasanne e
Unto the failing give Thou recompense

ed, ‘the best that has been said and thought in F I e
the wosld,” we broaden our horizo and purify ot prAyers IsDoRCI MR Al

our ideals, and thus prepare ourselves for the Qh, lend compassion to the fettered mind,
duties of citizenship. Our colleges and uni-  Grouping the falt’ring of Life s winding way,
versities have been enforcing this truth upon That thro’ the sin-mist theseat length may find
us by their requirements of admission. The path that leads unto the Perfect Day.

“But if a knowledge of literature in indis-
pensable to the education of a citizen, acquaint-
ance with the English Bible is surely fundamen-
tal for that knowledge. All our best English
literature is shot through and through with
Biblical quotations, maxims, m«taphors, char-
acters, allusions; the one book with which a
reader needs to have familiur acquintance is
the English Bible. It is ridiculous for any one
to undertake to teach English literature who
does not know his Bible at least as well as he
knows his Shakespeare. On the pages he is
undertaking to elucidate he will meet the Bible
five times where he will meet Shakespeare once.
For purpose of critical exposition, it is cer-
tainly quite as neccessary for him to under-
stand Jacob as to understand Shylock; fami-
iarity with Job is of greater practical valu:
than familiarity with ‘Paradise Lost.” ”’

NOTED WRITERS DO NOT COMPETE

In attempting to explain how it is that great
works of literature endure through the ages,
Victor Hugo says that, ‘‘the chef-d’oeuvre of
today will be the chef-d’oeuvre of tomorrow.
Does Shakespeare interfere in any way with
Sophocles? Does Moliere take anything from
FPlautus? Even when he borrowed Amphitryon
ho does not take him from him. Does Figaro
blot out Sancho Panza? Does Cordelia sup-
press Antigone? No. Poets dv not climb over
each other The one is not the stepping-stone
of the other They rise up alone, without any
other lever than themselves. They do not
tread their equal under foot. Those who rank
first in the field respect those who came before
them. They succeed, they do not replace each
other. The beautiful does not drive away the
THE MAN WITH A SMILE beaiite)

The man who approaches you with a smile It is a certainly that the heart dwindles when
on his face, and a tone of cheer in his voice, in contact with petty things and narrowed in-
is always welcome. When we think of such, terests. On the other hand, when brought
the words of a well known writer comes to mind. into harmoney with great ideas, seek‘ing to
* It is the song you sing, and the smiles you attain the highest ideals, with the best im-
wear, that’s a-making the sunshine every- pulse excited and pouring upon the alter of
where.”” And that is true. success the most precious and costly sacrifices;

It has been said that there are three brards then the human heart, developing the germ of
Of. courage. One where we start out with a itsimmortal nature mounts to the heights of
view of success. The next that stifles a com- the loftiest ideas, and enlarges to the compass
plaint when we trip or fall; and third, the real of the broadest and fi.est principals.

