---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_047.jpg
---
Mﬁ_——__\_—\i&—

JUST MERE MENTION

“What is your idea of a pessimist, Frank?’’
asked a friend of Francis Wilson, the actor,
who is as witty in his conversation as he is fun-
ny on the stage.

‘“A pessimist?’’ responded Wilson.
man who lives with an optimist.”’

&

Queen Wilhelmina when a child of twelve was
one day seated at dinner beside General Rob-
erts. Suddenly she startled everybody by
saying.

““/General, I should think you'd be afraid to
sit next to me.”’

“‘On the contrary,’” said the General, ‘I am
proud of the honor. Why should I be afraid?’’

‘“‘Because’” said the little Irincess, ‘‘all of
my dolls, are down with the measles.”’

S

While William J. Bryan was in a small Texas
town recently, he delivered an address that
was received with the wildest enthusiasm. At
its close an excited young woman rushed up
and asked permission to kiss the orator.
embarrassed politician declined the salute
politely but firmly. When they had left the
town one of the gentlemen who accompanied
Mr. Bryan took him to task for his lack of
gallantry and exprested his fears that the
Texans might reséent Mr. Bryan’s action.

“Well,”” replied Mr. Bryan with a glance at
his wife, who was in the party, “I shall be in
Texas only a few days, but I shall be with Mrs.
Bryan all my life.”’

“Why, a

’

S

One afternoon Kaiser Wilhelm caustically re-
proved old General Von Meerscheidt for some
small lapses.

“If your Majesty thinks that I am too old
for the service pleate permit me to resign,’’
said the General.

“No; you are too young to resign,’
Kaiser.

In the evening of that same day, the Kaiser
saw the old General talking to some young
ladies, and he said:

“General, take a young wife, then your exci-
table temperament will vanish.”

‘“‘Excuse me, your Majesty,” replied the
General. ‘It would kill me to have both a
young wife and a young Emperor.”

S

Irving Bacheller, the author of “Eben Hold-
en,”” was introduced one 'da)r by a mutual
friend to a Western mountaineer.

“Mr. Bacheller,”” explained the friend to
the mountaineer, “is an author of great repute
in the East.” . o

“‘Oh, yes!”’ drawled the mountaineer; "I know
of him. I was locked up in my cabin here by

’

said the

the snow two winters ago and I only had two

books to read the whole five months: your
book, sir,”” hé said, turning to Mr. Bacheller,
“and the Bible, and I read them both through
several times.”” - :

“Indeed !’ said the author, a smile of satis-
faction wreathing his face. g

“‘Yes, sir,”’ continued the old mountaineer;
“and I never knew before how interesting the
Bible was.”

The -

THE UMPIRE

THE SALE OF DEAD LETTERS

Twice a year, in Washington, they hold a
curious auction. It is called the Dead Letter
Sale, but in reality it is the sale of packages
that have been sent to the Dead Letter Office
because of deficient postage or wrong direct-
ions. :

After these packages have been held for a
certain length of time, in order to give senders
or owners an opportunity to claim them, they
are sold at public auction.

It is often a strange and pathetic collection.
Most of thearticles are cheap enough, although
valuable things are not lacking; but who can
estimate the intrinsic value of some of those
lost glfts—the time, and sacrifice, and love
they represent? How many disappointed hearts
must have watched in vain for them! How
many lives were robbed of a happiness that
rightfully belonged to them, because of the
sender’s carelessness or ignorance!

A REMINDER OF STEVENSON

Readers of Robert Louis Stevenson’s mag-
nificent modern romance. ‘‘The Wreckers,’’
will be interested to learn that remote Midway
Island, the scene of the tragic and superbly
depicted combat between the men of the
“Currency Lass’’ and those of the brig ‘‘Fly-
ing Scud,’” of Hull—has at last invaded the
magazines by way of the ‘‘Popular Science’’
monthly. That publication describes the
trans-Pacfic cables station there and tells how
the rugged coral of the little isle is gradually
being covered with good soil transported every
three months by the schooner which brings
provisions from Hawaii. It is now possible for
the cables operators to keep a cow pasture.
Midway, by the way, is a possession of the
United States.

AN INTERCHANGE OF AIRMEN

According to a recent statement in “Lee
Matin,’” there is to be a meeting of the Aaglo-
French aviation corps chiefs once a month at
Paris. The meeting will be attended by rep-
resentatives of the other allies, in order that
unity of direction may obtain in the air service
of the Entente nations. Carrying out the plan
still futher, Russian aviators will be sent to
France for instruction and French instructors
will go to Russia. Since the begining of the
war, continues the editorial comment, France
has furnished her allies with one-fifth of her
output of aeroplanes and one-third of the
moters she has produced.

We may grow wrong, or allow ourselves to
crystallize in habits that imply a loss of desire
to do good; and at last having made up our
minds not to strive for that which is worthy
and to hate that which is evil, we are amazed
that life seems to have lost its charm. But we
should not be. For when we deliberately shut
our eyes and our heart to the uplifting impul-
ses of life, we deny the very laws of nature—
of our divine nature.

.

” IN LIGHTER VEIN

A Hard Tale.—Fond Mother—‘‘Ay, dear
lad, there’s not a day passes but what I think
of you in that awful sub’arine, with only the
peroscup to breathe through.”’

H

““When I marry,”’ said the girl, “I am not
going to marry a man who drinks, smokes,
plays cards, or who belongs to a club. Still, I
want him to havé a good time.”

““Where?" he asked.

S

“What is it, do you suppose, that keeps the
moon in place and prevents it from falling?”
asked Araminta.

“I think it must be the beams,”’
Charlie, and then he fled.

S

““Father, I am not sure whether I shall be a
specialist for the ears or the teeth,’’ said a
starting son.

“Choose the teeth, my boy; everybody has
thirty-two of them, but only two ears.”

S
Member of the touring company—*‘My
good lady, the last place I stayed at the land-
lady wept when I left.”’
Landlady—*‘Oh, did she? Well, I ain’t
going to. I wants my money in advance.”’

H

Mr. Green: Now I’m going to tell you some-
thing, Ethel. Do you know that last night, at
your party, your sister promised to marry me?
I hope you’ll forgive me for taking her away.

Little Ethel: Forgive you; Mr. Green? Of
course I will. Why that’s what the party was

for.
5

Pat had gone to Ireland and was telling
about New York.

““Have they such tall buildings in -America
as they say, Pat?" asked the parish priest.

‘“Tall buildings ye ask, sur?" replied Pat.
“Faith, sur, the last one I worked on we had
to lay onour ‘stomachs to let the moon pass.”

5

Fred had been permitted to visit a boy
friend on the condition that he return home
not later than five o’clock. He arrived at
seven, and insisted that he had not loitered.

“Do you mean,”” demanded the mother,
“that it took you two hours to walk a quarter
of a mile?”

““Yes, mother: Charlie gave me a mudturtle
and I was afraid to carry it, so I led it home.”’

o

Katherine and Margaret found themselves
seated next to each other at a dinner-party
and immediately became confidential.

““Molly told me that you told her that se-
cret I told you not to tell her,”” whispered
Margaret.

“Oh, isn’t she a mean thing!”’ gasped Kath--
erine. ‘‘Why, I told her not to tell you!”’

“Well,”” returned Margaret, “I told her I
wouldn’t tell you she told me—so don't tell
her T did.”

)

replied
