---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_048.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

SUCCESSFULLY PASSES
ALL SPEED TESTS

Superclreadnought Penllsylvanie
Above Requirements At
Trial Tests :

It was with pennants flying in the breeze,
booms crossed and big banners announcing the
speed trials, the Pennsylvania rushed through
the Virginia capes at 4 o’clock last Friday
afternoon, and shortly after 7 o’clock dropped
anchor off the shipyards.

The builders, navigators and crew were en-
thusiastic over the showing made and the cer-
tainty of the acceptance of the big super-
dreadnought by the Navy Department.

One big banner strung forward was covered
by four figures of great size and visible for
miles over the water. They were 21.75, indi-
cating the maximum speed attained. The final
12- hour sustained run was made without a
hitch, being completed with ease, and was a-

bove the minimum of speed and below the max-

imum of fuel consumption.

The report of the Navy Board, which has
since been made, was favorable in every re.
PECE:

THEORETICAL WAR BETWEEN
FLEET AND LAND FORTIFICATION

The assertion of a Washington report that the
War and Navy Departments have decided
upon a test of the long-range guns of the At-
lantic fleet against those on land fortifications
was assured when a party of army and navy
officers and Representative Swagar Sherley, of
Kentucky, chairman of the House Subcom-
mittee on fortifications, departed for Mobile,
Ala., where the tests will be made.

Brigadier General Erasmus M. Weaver,
Brigadier General William Crozier and Colonel
Charles G. Treat, of the army Board of Ord-
nance and Fortifications, were the representa-
tives of the War Department in the party.
The Navy Department sent two admirals and
several departmental chiefs.

The tests will continue for a week. Old
fortifications in the Bay of Mobile will be
attacked by the fleet, and the results will be
used in determination of guns to be recom-
mended for other permanent coast defenses.

RARE EXHIBITION OF BEAUTY

AT NATIONAL FLOWER SHOW

The National Flower Show will open at the
Convention Hall, in this city, on March 26th.
Prizes worth $25000 are to be awarded the
winning exhibitors, who will be there, with
their choicest flowers, from almost every State
in the Union.

The show, which is to be held under the
auspices of the Society of American Florists
and Ornamental Horticulturists will, it is an-
nounced, to be the biggest thing of the kind
ever held in the United States.

~ be on duty here soon.

The exhibition itself will not be the only
thing of interest, for during the week the show
lasts and which will be proclaimed ‘‘National
Flower Week’’ by the Mayor, the Garden Club
of America will hold the their convention here.

This convention will attract delegates from all

sections of the country, people who are inter-
ested in and have done much to beautify the
gardens of the new world. Other organizations
of like character will be represented, the Amer-
ican Rose Society holding its annual show and
convention in connection with the greater
gathering and showing.

One of the very intersting features of the
exhibit, so far as Philadelphia is concerned, is
to be a talk by Miss Caro Miller, the young
woman who has charge of the school and some
gardens. She will tell how the houses of the
slums have been brightened and lives n ade
happier with growing things.

CAMDEN BRIDGE COMM.

APPOINTED BY GOV. FIELDER 7B

Delaware River to be Spanned By
Bridge. Philadelphia co-operates
in Task

A report from Trenton, N. ]J., states that
Governor Fielder sent to the Senate, the nom-
inations of the nine members of the Delaware
River Bridge and Tunnel Commission. Thig
is the first State step toward eonnecting Penn-

sylvania and New Jersey, between Phrladelplna 3

and Camden.

Action by the State follows the authorization
of surveys by the counties represented on the
commission, Camden, Gloucester and Burling-
ton. This was necessary to bring about the
establishment of the commission.

Philadelphia is co-operating in the effortsto
ensure the erection of the bridge.

H. & F. CLUB NOTES

- By A 8432, B 7927

We beg to announce to the subscribers of

the Honor and Friendship circulating library, -

that anyone- wishing a magazine other than
those subscribed for, will be able to procure
one by notifying the librarian before eleven
o’clock in the morning.

These will be charged to you at the same
rates as your regular books: two cents a day or
three days for five cents.

If you wish a magazine for Sunday, please
notify the librarian which book you would like
to have before eleven o’clock Saturday morn-
ing. If for any reason you are unable to see
the librarian, tell the delegate on your Block,
and he will see that you are furnished with a
magazine.

This week the 7th Block and Gallery go out
to the entertainment. Tickets will be given
out Saturday at noon.

Overseer P. P. Roddy has returned home
from St. Joseph's Hospital, Probably he will

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

There is no obligation attached to the ‘“‘ad’ service of
this paper, but notices for publication must come through
your Overseer.

Inmates who fail to notify the Umpire Office when adver-
tised goods are sold will be denied future use of Ad column.

FOR SALE——Cloth_es brushes, hair brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to
$1.50. B 1381, 7B. (%)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
Br3865 3B

FOR SALE—Scarfs made of Germantown
wool on frame 7x214 ft. from $1.50 up. Shawls
made on 5 ft. frame $2 up. B 6014 & B 6391,
7 G. 4)

WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry
made to order, also fine engraving done. Work
first-class. B 7945, 7 G. (2)

FOR SALE —Fancy hand painted post cards
done in oil and water color, 6 for 5c. Photo
enlargements in crayon. 8 B. B 6829 (6)

FOR SALE—Scarfs and throws of German-
town wool, best work, lowest prices. B 71(()7)
6

FOR SALE—Lord's Prayers 15x20, all pen
flourish with gold shading; also 15 styles post

cards. B 6982, 9. B. ()
FOR SALE—Pure tone onlm rare bargain,
$10. B 5867, 7 B. (7)

rﬁl?:(w)RMSAI;EE;Tnorner éerman Acco‘r(?leon
with case and instruction book. Cost $8, will
sell for $4.50. B 6153, 5 B. (7)

F(—L)R SALE——6l1 paintings on canvas, glass
and wood, different sizes, also painting done
to order at reasonable price. B 7730, 10B (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy German silver rings; also
tooth picks and stick pins at reasonable prices.
Work guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722, 7G. (5)

FOR SALE—1 single dartboard $3, 1 double
dartboard $3.50, copper wire and well finished.
B 74835 1B (8)

FOR SALE—Music stand 50cts., and Ital-
ian—English and English—Italian Dictionery
for $2. B 5676, 12 B 1 G. (8).

NOTICE—Safety razor blades sharpened at
2c each Gillette bladeq e, 1B 5400 12 B (9)

FOR QALE—3 gllt frame prctures 20x24

inches, also 42 passe partout pictures. Will
sell reasonable B 630" 9B. (9)

FOR SALE-E flat prccolo, J. W. Pepper
make, in good condition; also instruction book
with ﬁnger chart 2 books, one with 43 and
the other 62 pieces for piccolo. All for only
‘H‘u 50, B 70165 B, (9)

FOR QALE—Easter bead Collars & Chains
for Ladies, latest style, prices reasonable.
B 5496, 12 B 2nd G. ¥ )

P:OR SALE — Gillette Safety Razor & one
doz blades, almost new, half price. B 6803,
12 B. ' lQ)

FOR SALE—Eleven string Weyman Man-
dolin.good tone, true fingering. B 6056 10B. (9)

FOR SALE-Comct Tromh Do o
Mandolin, all in gnod condition, also instruc-
tion books B 7059, B.4 Gy

FOR SA»LE——Amerwan Conseﬁrvatory man-
dolin: new Sacrifice. $7.90. Going home soon.
B 6881, 6 G. (11)

FOR SALE—Comnlete set of carpenter s

tools for inlaid work, almost new, price $10.
B 6994, 6 B. (11)

