---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_049.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

; | THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Phiiadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

- Philadelphia, March 22, 1916

NO. 12

FORMER PENNSYLVANIAN IN
COMMAND OF FLYING COLUMN

Col. Dodd When Farm Boy Studied
as He Worked

Colonel Dodd’s force made up of the 7th
and 10th Cavalry Regiments, which crossed
the border near Hachita, N. M, and is said te
be advancing by forced marches to protect the
Mormon colony.

Colonel George Dodd, tall and wiry, bronzed
by the sun of many campaigns, and head of
the ‘“flying column’’ after Villa, is 63 years old,
but when he retires this year he will leave act-
ive service as phyaically fit as when he got his
sheepskin at West Point. His hobby is phys-
ical training. He instituted the army’s “‘mon-
key drill,”’ or setting-up exercises.

Before entering the army Colonel Dodd was
a farmer and lumberman, and Williamsporters
who remember Colonel Dodd as a boy say he
was never happier than when driving a team of
his father’s horses The mother was opposed
to the son entering West Point. However, she
proudly tells how. while preparing for the ex-
amination, he carried books with him to his
work and studied while driving a team on. the
farm.

“If he starts out to do anything he’ll do it
and do it well,”’ she said as she looked at a
framed portrait of the cavalryman.

Colonel Dodd has seer n.uch service. Most
of it was in the Indian campaigns of the South-
west. His work there and in Philippine cam-
paigns was chiefly responsible for his getting
the present assignment.

The President Wears Green Tie

From a Washington report we are informed
that President Wilson  celebrated St.
Patrick’'s Day by wearing 1 green necktie and
a sprig of shamrock sent him by John Red-
mond, the Irish Nationalist leader in the
British Parliament.

Sprigs of green were worn generally by
White House employes, members of the Cab-
‘inet, and other Government officials.

The Tipping Law Invalid

The Iowa antitipping law was held to be un-
constitutional by Judge George Jepson in the
District Court, Sioux City, recently. The
Court held the law was class legislation. The
decision was rendered in the case of a barber
arrested for takng a 25-cent tip.

President and Mrs. Wilson unwittingly vio-
lated the law on their recent trip through that
State by tipping persons who waited on them.

BUFFALO N. Y. MAN MADE
STATE SUP’T OF PRISONS

Governor Whitman last week sent to the
Senate the appointment of James M. Carter, of
Buffalo, to be State Superintendent of Prisons,
and Ralph W. Themas, of Madison, as a mem-
ber of the State Tax Commission. Mr. Carter
is to have an expert prison man to run the de-
partment, who will be appointed chief clerk to
succeed George M. Weed, of Plattsburg, N. Y.

Mr. Carter is well and favorably known in
his home town as a business man of energy
and exceptional ability.

BILL TO COMPEL NATIONAL
GUARD SERVICE IN N. Y. STATE

Compulsory service in the National Guard
is provided in a bill recently introduced “in
the New .York state le_islature by Senator
John D. Stives, chairman of the Senate
committee on Military Affairs. The measure
was prepared by Adjtuant General Louis W.
Stotesbury, and is said to have the indorse-
ment of Governor Whitman.

The bill makes mandatory upon the Gover-
nor the preparation after August 1, 19:6, of a
list of all persons between the age of 18 and
45 years eligible for military service.

COLD RECORDS BROKEN FOR
MARCH 18

Low temperature records for March 18 were
broken Saturday when the cold wave developed
in intensity, forcing the mercury in the Weather
Bureau down to 10 below zero, while the sub-
urbs reported reading as low as 2 above, and
northern Pennsylvania temperatures from zero
to 16 below. :

The unusually cold weather was general
through out the East moderating during the
day only to be followed by snow, gave promise
of more sleighing before the arrival of warmer
weather from the West. Reports from York
County stated that a large percentage of the
buds on fruit trees had been frozen. Other-
wise, no damage apparently was caused by
the cold which only evoked surprise, co nsider-
ing that spring began at 5.59 p. m.

Duty Calls The Rough Riders

It is stated in a report from Dallas, Texas,
that a regiment of 1ough riders, organized in
advance of the Mexican crisis, is awaiting ac-
ceptance by the Government, according to E.
W. Edwards, a Dallas business man, and vet-
eran of the Spanish-American war.

The regiment, which Edwards organized, is
called the ““Texas Mavericks’ and is composed
of 800 men. -

U.S. TROOPS WELL
ADVANCED INTO MEXICO

Villa in Rapid Flight to His Former
Stronghold

From Army Headquarters at San Antonio,
Texas, it was learned that U. S. troops are
now well advanced into Mexico,in two columns,

General Pershing’s column, it is understood,
is now many miles from its point of entry into
Mexico, and Colonel Dodd’s faster-moving
troopers are far from the American border.
Four aeroplanes, which crossed near Palomas
will do scout duty on the march.

It is intended that the more mobile force of
Colonel Dodd should effect a juncture with
the first column after which Colonel Dodd’s.
cavalry would be sent on reconnaissance,
utilizing also the services of Americancowboys
who have joined the column, together with
other scouts. - '

It is reported that the country through which
the troops are now moving, isso desclate and
almost uninhabited that attack either by Villa
or by insubordinate Government troops at any-
moment would occasion no surprise.

THE PRESIDENT NOT LIBERAL
IN GRANTING PARDONS

From a late Washington report it is learned
that many applications for pardons has been
made to the Department of Justice within the
last few months. The largest number was
reached Saturday, when President Wilson sent
to the Department the 4Gth application he has
decided last week.- It was denied, as were
many others. Only seven were approved.

In President Rcosevelt's second term 8C3
applications were filed, an avarage of 201 a
year. President Taft considered 1184 applica-
tions In the three years of President Wilson's
term he has considered over 900. e

In reviewing the cases considered by Presi-
dent Wilson, it seems that clemency has been
shown to abont one-fourth. President Taft
pardoned orcommuted the centences of 70 per
cent. of those who asked for clemency, and
President Roosevelt about 60 per cent.

This would indicate that President Wilson’s
policy is to grant but few pardons during his
terms

Torpedoboat Destroyer Makes 29.87
Knots in Test

From Rockland, Me, we learn that at the trial
runs of the torpedoboat destroyer Tucker were
interrupted by a minor accident. After the
destroyer had traveled 18 times over the meas-
ured mile course, attaining a speed of 29.87
knots, a leaky condenser tube made it neces-
sary to postpone the top speed tests until today.
