---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_050.jpg
---
2 | THE UMPIRE |
h

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Erinted at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

“IV\I“S‘S.——Or};nal matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, March 22, 1916

PRIsON PopuLATION—Males 1478. Females
28. Total 1506 Last serial number B 8154
—_—

IS IT YOUR FAULT

What a great change in life it weuld mean
for many of us mortals if we would only study
to maintain as nearly constant a spirit of con-
tentedness as possible; if we were to endeavor
to look at the brighter side of conditions that
surround us, instead of the reverse. All things
would then assume a much different aspect
than they do when we look for the imperfection
about us; for it is as sure as fate that we can-

not appear happy, and be constantly on the .

outlook for deciet, envy and ingratitude from
their fellow men.

If there is anything that narrows a persons
mental vision in life, it is to follow along those
lines of thought. We not only stand in our
own light by so doing, but to a certain degree
we reflect our narrowness to others, and in so
doing we become an agent of discord and de-
pression.

This mental attitude may all be changed if
we will it so, by looking toward the better side
of things that abound. Man was made to
aspire, to look upward and to the prospect of
future fullfillment of brighter prospects in life,
If we do this, the future will open up count-
less opportunities for success in any field.

Our every effort should slant upward, never
downward. By assuming the former course,
our life would be a continual ascent, a victor-
ous march onward,

The next time you feel a fit of doldrums
hovering near, just turn a few ‘‘mental hand-
springs’’ and see how quickly the vision will
become normal, and things begin to brighten
on all sides. Then you will be enabled to
greet those about you with a smile, and soon
you will conclude that there is much pleasure
to be had in this old world after all, and that
many of its people are worthy folks. A pys-
chologist has said that, about ninety per cent
of our troubles begins at home,”’ How about jt?

—

Creeping into the lives of men everywhere

is the thought that Co-operation is better
them competition we need one another,
And by giving much we will recejve much.”’

—
“‘Procrastination holds the record as a thief.”’

DO YOU -BELIEVE N “LUCK:

In turning over the pages of a book the -

other day I found a four-leaved clover hidden
among its pages. This little incident brought
back to mind the old belief about luck being
associated with the finder of this sport of
nature.

This belief like many similar notions .of the
past, is fast loosing its charm to beguile the
simple minded.

In place of the belief in charms and other
falacies, we are rapidly awakening to the real-
ization that much of the so called ““luck’ is
simply due to energy, application .nd dccision
of chara ter. We may however, still belicve in
heroes, and should keep brave men constantly
in mind before us, as it is always an inspira-
tion to so do It will also serve to bring about
an advancement along our pathway onward.

Then if you prove to be all you think you
are, the real man will soon be manifested in
many ways. You will no longer fill an infer-
ior position in life, some one will discover you,
and then you will be rewarded accurdirg to
merit, which is the real test of fittness, for no
one can rise and retain his hold at the top on
anything else; which may be easily seen and
understood if we look about us, Conti. uancy
of advancement, or in positions can never be
attained be the persuing of a wrong idea, or be-
lief that a subterfuge will take the place of
sterling merit. Many who have been called
on in the past havefailed on account of their
belief in false ideas, or in “‘luck’’ coming their
way,

It is a forlorn hope to expect to obtain and
to hold any position of importance in life,
without the sterling element of individuality.
If you harbor any thought of the four-leaf
clover ““luck,’’ it must be the genuine article,
in the form of energy, application, decision and
merit, which will lead vou on to victory.

“TO'OVERSEER ——— = =

Good night, you say. Good night,

I thank you for this kindly thought
Expressed in words of pleasing tone;
May the night bear out to you a

Galdsome fullness of the heart.

Good night, my friend. But ere
You go, listen; this I have to say:
That as the night is followed by
The duy, the sun in tur: shines forth
O’er land and sea to cheer the heaits of men.

And as the sun, so may the ray
Of light within your heart shine out,
And fill with joy, your path through life.

““Carl’’—Editor

* Note. These lines are addressed to the friendly Over-
seer (name unknown to me) oSt he NS PR always
says, good night, before turning off the light at night.—
Editor.

SOl .

Men are under the domain of Nuatural

Law as much as bees. Mer siccece GrYHY

working with other men and for ther men
o ot
The people who borrow trouble have a lot

to lend.

THE BRIGHTER DAWNING
By Martha Shepard Lippincott

Although the world is full of trouble,
Keep looking for the brighter day;
When clouds of sorrow will be passing
And peace and joy will come our way,
Around the clouds will silver linings
Be shining so that we may see
The brighter dawning for the morrow,
For mankind will surely be.

There ne’er in life will be a night-time
So dark but day will follow soon;
No winter-time so cold and drear
But afterwlile will come sweet June,
And so in life there is no sorrow
But what will sometime pass away
With some bright dawning there’ll be coming
Around for you, a brighter day.

TRICKS IN WAR NEWS

The old sayinz about “‘tricks in all trades,’’
seems to hold true in off.cial war reports writ-
ten since the begining « f hostilitics in Europe.
The reports have followed a literary technique
of their own. Among the rules of bulle tin-
writting that will ncver be changed are those
which prescribe that little victories shall be
described at n.uch greater length than big
victories, that small defeats shall be promptly
acknowledged [or the purpose of creating an
atmosphere of absolute frankness, and that
serious reverses shall at first he passed over in
silence, then alluded to as a matter of couise,
and ever after that characterized as a stragetic
retirement, a rectification of the front, a read-
justment of the wingsin closer co-operation
with the center, a consolidation of position, a
withdrawal from position that had lost import-
ance,and so forth These are the c(las-ical
methods, and they have been liberally employ-
ed in the present war. If for instance, one
were to reread the official despatches from
Petrograd during the Galician baitles of May
and June, one would selcom find the word re-
treat or retir ment. But on successive days or
In successive weeks the de:patches calmly
speak of fighting before Tarnow, the fighting
on the Wisloka, the fighting at Przem, sl, our
front West of Lemberg, our front east of
Lemberg, each po:ition being frcm ten to
twenty miles in the rear of the position last
mentioned. An army is never beaten, . n army
seldom retrcats,” and yet somchow an army
is found a good deal farther ie¢hind where it
was the week Lefore

THE LATEST ZEPPELINS

According to a reccnt press despatch from
Berie, Switzerlund, there are some eighty
Zeppcliis in the German service  This state-
ment is sai  to be bused on information devel-
oped at Friedrichshafcn, where the airship
woiks are locat d  Recently, one of latest type
Zeppelins mi de a tiialflight It bore the num.
ber LZ-95, a1 d i design varicd considerably
from the ai te bellum Zepp line  Its gondolas
are said to he pl ted <teel. The craft is plcr-
tifully suppli d with machi e cuns and appar-
atus for throwing bombs and aerial torpedoes;
among the la‘ter being a new type which is re-
ported to be far more rowerful thar any here-
tofore developed.

