---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_051.jpg
---
JUST MERE MENTION

David W. Griffeth, who now draws a salary
of $100,000 for directing the film productions
of the Mutual C. mpany, started in the motion
picture field by acting extra parts for the Bio-
graph Company—when he was needed.

5

The dean of American illustrators is Reginald
Birch. He was born in 1882. Two years
younger than he is A. B. Wenzel. Both
studied in Munich A third American illus-
trator who studied in Munich, is Arthur I.
Keller, whose age—forty-eight—is the same as
that of Charles Dana Gibson.

8

Admiral Porter had a very intelligent Chinese
servant named John. One day John asked
permission to attend a funeral.

“All right,”” said the Admiral Then he
added: ‘I suppose you will put some food in
the grave as the Chinese do?”’

‘“Yes, sir,”” John replied gravely.

- “Now, John,” continued the Admiral,
“when do you think the Chinaman will eat
the food you put in his grave?”’

‘‘At the same time, sir, that you dead friend
that you buried a few days ago will smell the
flowers that you put on his grave,”” answered
John urbanely. ‘

5

Mark Twain was walking up Fifth Avenue
when a little girl about ten years old slipped
her hand in his and began to match his stride.

““I’m awful glad to see you,’’ she said.

““Are you?’’ said he. ‘‘That’s very nice of

,”! she answered, ‘‘I knew you right
away.”’

They continued to the next corner chatting,
he proud that he could be sc well known that
a little girl like this could pick him out. Sud-
denly a horril le thought struck him and he
stop’;red.

“Who am [?’’ he asked, turning around.

‘““Why,’”’ answered his companion, ‘‘Buffalo
Bill, of course.””

S

Justice Moody was once riding on the plat-
form of a Boston street car standing next to
the gate that protccted passengers fiom cars
coming on the other track. A Boston lady
can.e to the door «f the car and, as it stopped,
staited toward the gate, which was hidden from
her by the men standing before it.

“Other side, lady,”” said the conductor.

H: was ignored as only a born-ard-bred
Bostcnian can ignore a man. The lady took
another step toward the gate.

““You must get off the other side,”’ said the
conductor. -

“] wish to get off on this side,’’ came the
an-wer, in tones that congealed that official.
Before he could explain or expostulate, Mr.
Moody came to his assistance.

‘‘Stand to oneside, gentlemen,’’ he remarked
quietly. ‘‘The lady wishes toclimb over the
gate.

THE UMPIRE

ARTISTIC SLIPPERS OF TORJOK

Among the specialties of Great Russia which
have been shut out of the markets of the

. world by the war are the wonderfully em-

broidered leather slippers made by the women
of Torjok. These products enjoyod a con-
sidcrable popularity outside of Russia, and
they were thought by the women who wore
them to be more comfortable than the Indian
moccasin and more ‘‘chic’’ than the artistic
creations of the French. The women of Torjok
also make many other sorts of embroidered ar-
ticles and a delicate variety of Russian lace, a
lace descendant of the Byzantium finery genre.

The slippers, mostly Morocco leather worked
with gold thread, form the little city’s chief
claim to recognition and distinction. They are
known in every part of Russia, and are to be
seen in the Caucasus and in Siberia, as well as
in  Moscow and Petrograd. In recent years,
this Russian product began the markets of
other countries. Travelers in the Czar's empire
became acquainted with a chance pair and
thereafter their fame would be made in such
travelers’ home communities. The Torjok
slipper stood for solid comfort, good materials
and artistic perfection.

Several hundred women do the embroidery
work for which Torjok is famed, and they are
much sought after as wives, because each of
these skillful artists more than doubles her
husband’s income. The Russian mechanic who
is lucky enough to get one of the girls trained
by the municipality in T\ rjuk's school of em-
broidery is removed from all threat of future
poverty. '

The Zemstvo or Town Council of Torjok
founded a school of embroidery some fifteen
years ago, in order that the town’'s embroidery
tradition might be kept free of all artistic
blunders through all the years to come. The
is now the central influence in the industry.
Girls euter the school at about the age of
twelve years, and finish the course in three
years. They are taught all of the elements of
their work, including designing, and the natur-
al, inherited ability of the peasant girls of this
section has been increased many times since
Zemstov's foundation.

AQUATIC FOOD PLANTS

The collections of aquaticfood plants secured
in a recent expedition to China aie of specia
interest. These include water chestnuts, water
nuts, and a number of aquatic bulbs, as well as
the water bamboo. The Chinese, the depart-
ment's explorer found, have mastered through
centuries of experiments the process of using
swamp lands for the raising of food crops, and
their success is believed to point to commercial
possibilities for some of our swamp regions
where reclamation by drainage is not practic-

able. The kauba, sometimes called wild rice
or water bamboo, now to be made the subject
of experiment, is a vegetable in taste somewhat
between grass and asparagus. The swollen
stalks of the plant are eaten much like our
asparagus The ordinary bamboo, contrary to
the prevailing opinion, is not an aquatic plant
and for successful cultivation calls for fertile
and well-drained soil.—Weekly News Letter,

“ IN LIGHTER VEIN

The gas range killed the stovepipe joke, but
we got a new crop with the fireless cooker.

S5
Wile—“‘I almost cry when I think I might
have married Mr. Richleigh.”’
Hub—‘‘And I almost cry, too, when I think
about it.”’

S
Miss Howler—“‘Did my voice fill the draw-
ing rcom?’’
Mr. Rood—“‘No; it filled the refreshment
room and conservatory.’’

S
“Won't you please croak like a frog, Grand-
father?’” asked Willie. ‘
“Crcak like a frog?’’ asked the bewildered
grandfather; ‘“why, little man?”
““Because I heard Daddy say that when you
croaked we would get five thousand dollars.”’

S

“How many children have you?’’ asked the
census-taker, ?

The man addressed removed the pipe from
his mouth, scratched his head, thought it over_
a moment, and then replied:

“‘Five— four living and one married.”’

o

“Oi’ll work no more for

“An’ why?”

“‘Shure, an’ ’tis on account av a remark he
made.”’

““‘An’ phwat was that?”’

that man Delany’

“‘Says he, ‘Casey,” says he, ‘ye’re dis-
RN,
charged.
“Are you still taking a cold plunge every

morning?"’

““No; I quit doing that to save time.”’

“Why, a cold plunge doesn’t take more than
a minute or two.”’

“I know but I used to spend three-quarters
of an hour curled up in bed hesitating.”’

K

The friends of two American celebrities, one
a stutterer and the other somewhat deaf, suc-
ceeded after much manoecuvering in getting
them to meet, and the event aroused consider-
able unholy glee.

Some time thereafter the stutterer was asked
how the interview passed off.

“Oh, w-we g-g-got along f-f-finely!” he
stammered. ‘I c-c-couldn't t-t-talk, and s-s-she
c-c-c-couldn’t h-h-hear me.”’

S

“You two look very happy,”” said a young
fellow, stopping in front of a couch where a
pretty young girl and her sweetheart were sit-
ting.

“Do we?"” replied the girl. moving -over to
make room for him beside her. ““Won’t you
join us?”’

“Sorry I can’t, but I am not a minister,”’
was the reply.
