---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_052.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

S
_—

ECHOES OF BASEBALL

We are glad to hear thatso far this season
Joe Oeschger, of the Phils, has shown a fine
fast ball.
will use Cra-
We print the

It is reported that the Phils
vath in right field next season.
rumor for what it is worth.

They say that Jack Nabors is so thin that
he never bothers using a key to his room, but
crawls in and out via the keyhole.

From recent reports we learn that Joe Tinker

is so busy fining and suspending his players

that he has little time for managing.

It is reported that Frank Baker has fully re-
covered from the injuries to his hand, and has
started to hit them in his old time form.

Pat Moran immediately put his big squad of
pitchers on a diet of raw meat, on hearing that
Bennie Kauff had joined the Giants.

It is said that the players have the movie

fever. When Joe Bush wanted a new ball he
.called to the bench, ‘““Throw me a new roll of
film.

Some one wispered that manager Mack was
anxious to suppress the news that he barred
golf on the trip, lest he be dropped from mem-
bership in his own club.

Some one said that if owner Weeghman, of
the Cubs, can get his army of stockholders to
attend games at his park he will make more
money in 1916, than the Du Ponts.

No one questions that Bennie Kauff is an
amazingly clever ball player, but so far his phiz
cannot be discerned on any of Uncle Sam’s

" two-cent stamps.

The thoroughness of Manager Mack isshown
by the fact that he has Kid McCoy training
with the team to help infuse the fighting spirit.

It is reported that Ira Thomas is having no
trouble to get into shape. After a week of
hard work he has dropped from 231 to 23014
pounds. He is confident of being down to 229
by the time the season starts.

No doubt Weldon Wyckoff will welcome the
infielders and outfielders when they arrive on
Monday. The Mack pitcher says he wants a
chance to greet somebody who isn’t after his
job.

They say that Catcher Murphy is on record
as saying that a pick and shovel at $2.00 per
days looks better to him than a big league job
if he has to come south every year by the sea
sick route.

FROM “OUR FARM” POET

The patients in the tuberculosis hospital, de-
sire to express their hearty appreciation for
the kindness of the Warden, and Doctor, in
furnishing seed for our ‘‘farm’’ during the
coming season.

Last year we raised a good crop of onions,
tomatoes, red beets, salads, parsnips, and rad-
ishes. This year we expect to raise a banner
crop of the same vegetables.

If you want to see a truck farm,
Where things are up to date;

Where the farming is intensive,
And the crops are never late,

Just drop into the ‘‘con yard,”’
And cast your eyes around;

You will see our beets and onions,
Fairly jnmping out the ground.

Bt

To Inmates Desiring To
Write For Publication

On page two, column one, will be found in-
structions for inmates desiring to writefor pub-
lication in this paper. The articles submitted
should be legible and of interest to the readers
of the Umpire. The writer should understand
that the article submitted must not criticize
government or state officials, or the officials of
penal institutions, nor cast reflections of a con-
troversial nature on other inmates. If these
facts are borne in mind, it may help to avoid
the errors into which a number of correspond
ents seem to have fallen.

The design of the Umpire is to uplift and
assist others as far as possible, and not to in-
dulge in personalities or needless recriminat-
jons which may lead to strife or ill feeling
among the inmates.—FEdzfor

~ Second Trial of Ex-Warden Osborne
Set for March 30

A late report from White Plains, N. Y. states
that the trial of Thomas Mott Osborne, ex-
warden of Sing Sing prison, under indictment
charging him with neglect of duty and
immorality was set for March 30, by Supreme
Court Justice Keogh.

This will be his second trail. He was ac-
quitted at his first trial on another indictment.

Board of Pardons Grants Ten Pardons
and Refuses Two

The Board of Pardons at Harrisburg, last
week reccommended ten pardons and refused
two.

Three cases were continued, with orders for
attorneys to appear next month or the applica-
cations would be stricken from the list.

We are sorry to learn the passing away of
John H. Cleeland, son of George Cleeland
the genial Superintendent of the Cigar Dept of
this institution.

Mr. Cleeland was in the bloom of manhood

when called away, being but 23 years of age.

We extend our sincere sympathy to the family
of the deceased.

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

Notices for publication must come through your Overseer
Inmates who fail to notify the Umpire office when adver
tised goods are sold will be demed future use of Ad column.

FbR SALE— Clothes brushes haxr brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid baeks, Sactsis to
Ciro0 St BIS St (=58

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B /3&56 J B

FOR SALE——SLaIfS made of Germantown
wool on frame 7x215 ft. from $1.50 up. Shawls

made on 5 tt, frame $2 up. B6014 & B6391.
7 G. 3 e e

WATCHES and CLOCKS repaired, jewelry
made to order, also fine engraving done. Work
first-class. B 7945, 7 G, (2)

FOR SALE—OQil paintings on canvas, glass
and wood, different sizes, also painting d01.e to
oraer at reasm]abm price. B 7730. 10°B. (5)

FOR SALE— Fancy German silver rings also
tooth picksand pins at reasonable prices. Work
guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722,7G. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy hand painted post cards
cCone in oil and water color, 6 for 5c. Photo
enlargemnnts in cray on. B 6829. 8 B. (6

FOR SALE—Scarfs and throws of German.
town wool, best WOI‘k lowest prices. B 7107
7 B. AAAAA (7)

F()l{ SALE—Lord’s Prayers 15x20, all pen
flourish with gold shading; also 15 styles post
carde. B 6982, 9 B. (7)

FOR SALE—Pure tone violin rare bargain,
$10. B 5867, 7 B. (7)

FOR SALE—Thorner German Accordeon
with case and instruction book. Cost $8, will
sell for $4.50. B 6153, 5 B. (7)

FOR SALE—Music stand 50cts; and Italian
—English and English—Italian Dictionary for
$2 B 5676, 12 Block 1G. (8)

NOTICE—Saftey razor blades sharpened at
2e each ¢ illette blades 3c. B 5400, 12 B. (9)

"FOR SALE—3 gilt frame pictures 20x24
Will

inches, also 42 passe partout pictures.

sell reasonable. 6303 9B. (O
"FOR SALE—E flat piccolo, J. W. Pepper

make, in good condition: also instruction book

with finger chart. 2 books, one with 43 and

the other 62 pieces for piccolo. All for only

$3.50, B 7016, 5B. (9)
FOR SALE—Easter bead Collars & Chains,

Ladies latest style, prices reasonable. B 5496,
12 B 2nd G. (9)
FOR SALE—1 single dartboard $3. 1 double
darthoard $3.50, copper wire and well finished.
B 7483, 1 B. i, (8)
FOR SALE—American Conservatory man-
dolin: new Sacrifice.$7.90. Going home soon.
B 6881, 6 G. (11)
FOR SALE—Complete set of carpenter’s
tools for inlaid work, almost new, price $10)
B 6994, 6 B. ; (11)
FOR SALE—Eleven sfnng Weyman man-
dohn good tone, true ﬁngerlng B 6056 10B (9)
FOR SALE—Cornet Tromb, Violin and man-
dolin. all in e¢ood condition, also instruction
books. B 7059, B.4 9)
FOR SALE- -Three fine singing canaries now
breeding, al<o hreedln,cz cages. B7040. 4G. (12)

FOR SALE—Violin first class condition,
wort!$25 00 sacrifice for $4 00
B 7892—3 B. (12)
FOR SALE—Patr of canaries, $4. B 8022
7B (12)
FOR SALE—Dart board cost $2 almost new
will sell for $1.50 B 77€6, 6 G. (12)
