---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_053.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

L

VOL. V

VILLA ELUDES PURSUERS
BY DIVIDING HIS BAND

It is Admitted That if He Reaches Former
Stronghold in Mountains it Will be
Ditficult to Get Him.

Latest reports from Elpaso, Texas, state that
Villa has outwitted his pursuers by splitting his
forces, leaving one body to hold in check the
Carranza tro ps in the neighborhood of Nami-
quipa, while he himself, at the head of a picked
force is trying to break through the lines of his
enemies south of Madera, according to inform-
ation brought here today by Americans arriv-
ing from Pearson and Casas Grandes.

This information redoubled the interest with
which word is awaited from General Pershing
that American troops have clashed with the
Villa band.

The Villa forces, reported two days ago to be
engaged in battle with Colonel Cano at El Oso,
escaped without any real fighting, according
to a message to General Gavira, made public
by Consul Garcia. The message said the fol-
lowers of Villa were at San Geronimo, some
“miles south of El Oso, and that American
troops were co-operating with the troops of
General Carranza.

Apart from the keen anticipation of news
that the American soldiers were advancing
safely, the border people were mostly interest-
ed in the report from Washington that an
agreement had been rcached in substance be-
tween the first chief and Washington which
would permit General Funston to use the Mexi-
can railroads.

The using of the Mexican lines by the
Americans is expected to be the supreme test
as to whether friction with the Mexican people
is to be averted and real co-operation between
the Carranza authorities and the Unrited States
expedition established.

Officials here say that if General Carranza
has agreed to let the American expedition use
the railways to move men and supplies around
Villa and his band their capture will be short
work.

PARDON FOR EDITOR OF
“STAR OF HOPE”

It is with much pleasure that we learn that
the worthy Editor of the ““Star of Hope’” was
granted a full pardon last week, by Governor
Whitman. We are glad of this opportunity to
extend cur sincere felicitations at this highly
gratifying event. May the future hold much
joy and happiness in store of our esteemed
contemporary.

A number of U.S. prisoners will be trans-
ferred to Atlanta, Ga. on Monday next.

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, March 29, 1916

FLORIDA PLANNING GREAT-
EXPOSITION FOR 1919

From late reports we learn that Florida does
not intend to be outdone by California, her
western rival, in fruits, flowers and sunshine,
and so is going to have an exposition. It will
be a centennial and will be heldin 1919. Plans
proposed include the issue of bonds for prelimi-
nary work to the extent of $2,000,000; city,
county and State to bear shares, and the call
has gone forth to all the people of all west ancl
north Florida to attend a convention at which
the details will be mapped out.

Every effort will be made to have the people
of the State devote their energies largely to the
building of a perfect system of highways, on a
scale never before attempted, and such as will
attract motorists from all over the country.
Tampa is the centre of the highway progress,
Hillsborough County being the first to vote a
million dollars in bonds for brick roads outside
that city.

AN EVENING OF MUSIC AND SONG

The members of the Matinee Musical Club,
sprung a very pleasing surprise on Warden
McKenty and the officers of the E SR on
Thursday night last week.

The visitors who are well known
delphia’s music circles, gave a number of
fine vocal and instrumental selections of un-
usual tuneful excellence.

The soloists
beauty of voice and masteiful dexterity . of
technic at the piano. It is seldom that one
has the unusual pleasure oi listening to such
delightful music from such gifted artists.

Miss Laura Dickson, of 4414 Pine st, this
city, proved to be an adept leader, and she was
well supported by the other members «f the
club, consisting of Mr. K. C. Holtesman, Miss
Flora Canon, Miss Catharine Meislie, Miss
Anna M. Thomson, Miss Adlina Patti Noar,
Miss Florence Haule and Miss Helen Anders

PRISON LABOR ADVOCATED
BY MICHIGAN WARDEN

Accoraing to a Washington report, it was
recently claimed by James Russell, Warden of

in Phila-

-the penitentiary of Marquette, Mich., before a

Senate Committee, that remunerative employ-
ment of convicts would not be opposed by
working men if the question were putto a vote.

He opposed the bill to prohibit shipment of
prison-made goods in intersrate commerce.

Mr Russell said convicts labor produces
about one-tenth «f one per cent of the product
of free labor in this country. To confine con-
vict made goods strictly to the uses proposed
in the pending bill, he said would restricta
prison authority so that sufficient work for
convicts could not be found.

were exceptionally gifted in

F dited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 13
BRIEF NEWS ITEMS

From Blli:fal(), N. Y, it is reported that an
increase of 10 per cent. in wages for 6000 em-
ployes was announced by the Pierce Arrow
Motorcar Compauny teday. Three weeks ago
the plant was closed after a stiike of several
hundred machinists.

The New York city subway and elevated
lines did the largest business in their history
last Monday, carrying 2,485,700 passengers, or
about 50,000 more than on the previous record
day which was the Monday prececairg last
Christmas.

As a result of numerous applications receiv ed
for enlistment in the army, it has been decided
to open two subrecruiting stations in this city.
One in Kensington and the o'her in West Phila-
delphia. Within the next few days stations
will also be opened in Wilmington, De]., and
Pdlttsville, Pa.

Recent publication was made to the effect
that the milis of Thomas Potter Son & Co.,
Inc. of this city were working to but 60 per
cent. on account of burlap scarcity. This is
corrected by officers of the Company, who said
yesterday that, the mills are still operating at
100 per cent.

The Mission of the King's Daughters.

For some time past the members of the Pris-
son Chapter of the King's Daughters have felt
that the prisoners do not corrcetly understand
their mission. At the request of the President
this explanation is scnt to ‘“The Unipire’”’ that
all may havc the opportunity of learning the
true nature of the work.

The King’s Daughters are permitted by the
Warden to visit the prisoners with but one oli-
ject in veiw; to bring cheer and courage into
lives that are of necessity for a time cut off
from comradeship with the outer world, and to
help them to believe that even within prison-
walls faith and hope can gain entrance.

It is not in the power of the Kings Daughters
to seek to obtain pardons, or to inteifere in
any way with the descipline of the prison. The
words are written only in a spirit of kindness,
and with a sincere desire to coirect a misunder-
standing and also with a wish to assure the
prisoners that the work is for the furtherance
of the rules and regulations prescribed by the
Warden and officials of the prison, and ccoper-
ation in all that will tend bring about a
truer understanding by the prisoners, that
all things may work togather for good.

Mrs. Robert S. Brigh

Chairman of the Correspondence Committec
of Pricon Chanrter ~f Kine's Daughters.

to
