---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_054.jpg
---
" THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, March 29, 1916

PrisoN PopuLATION—Males 1465. Females

28. Total 1493. Last serial number B 8167

UNLIMITED MAIL ONCE MORE

A subject that is receiving much attention of
late and which seems to be winning stronger
support from many sources, is that of unlimit-
ed mail for the men behind ‘‘grey walls.”’

So far as we are able to see there is no sub-
stantial reason why this privilege should long-
er be withheld from prison inmates of good
deportment.

A prominent writer recently commented on
this subject in one of the periodicals in which
he says:

‘“There seems to be an idea that if a prisoner
isallowed tocommunicate withtheoutside world,
something wrong will result. In most prisons
an inmate is permitted to write a letter only
once a month. He can, however, receive what
ever mail is sent to him providing it is proper
mail for himto receive.”” We note the word
proper. If that means simply communications
of immoral or degrading character, we say all
right and well. So be it. But if its meaning
is stretched so to cover the censors particular
attitude of mind toward an inmate we believe
it to be a decided injustice to the prisoner, to
sav the least.

““In the past, prisoners mail has been known
to have disappeared without apparent reason
for such occurrence.”” In one instance this
condition continued until the matter was taken
to court where it was promply decided that
““mail sent to prisoners was as legally inviolate
as if addressed to afree man. Butthe writingand
mailing of letters—excepting as stated—is still
held in obeyahce in most penal institutions.
Continuing the writer goes on to say, that so
far as he is able to find out, there is no law in
the United States that forbids a prisoner the
free use of the U. S mails.

“‘Unquestionably the with holding of mail-
ing privileges from prisoners is a refinement of
the old-time idea of punishment, repression
and suppression, and the belief that any man
who communicates with the outer world is go-
ing to do so for reasons of contumacy, con-
spiracy and contravention.”” Undoubledly this
attitude of mind toward prison mail was held
by many, but as we are now approaching a

new era of betterment in prison conditions and
privileges, let us hope that one of the first
matters to be corrected in the immediate future
will be that of unlimited mail.

THE ALMIGHTY DOLLAR

The editor of a local paper evidently sees
great possibilities ahead for the U S. doll.ar ex-
change with South American countries. Com-
menting on the situation he says, that ‘“the
campaign to put the American dollar mark on
the world map is progressing admirably. Re-
ports from Bolivia, Peru, and Chili indicate
that the governments of those countries will
officially sanction the change from pounds
sterling to dollars in international exchange. If
they do that, it will be of immediate service to
United States business. Dollar exchange will
permit our companies doing business in South
America to save time and money, as well as a
great deal of red tape. A number of individual
mining concerns in Chili are already using
dollars as a basis of exchange, thus eliminating
a century-old custom of making London the
financial clearing house for the world. This
is one directing results of the war, and if our
United States bankers can offer to South Amer-
ican business men all the facilities and credit
which heretofore the latter have obtained from
England, France and Germany, the dollar-
mark ought to remain permanently imprinted
upon that equatorial continent.”’

FLAW-SEEING EYES

From the columns of one of our exchanges
we glean the following article from the pen of
George Clarke Peck, which we deem well
worthy of reprinting, for persual by our read-
ers.

It is said that when Raphael was hard at
work on his famous frescoes in Saint Peter’s
Cathedral, two churchmen made him frequent
visits. “You have made the face of Saint
Paul too red,”’ said oneof the visitors, critically.
“Yes,”’ replied the artist, in not entirely good
humor; “he is blushing to see into whose hands
the Church hasfallen.”” It does not follow
that one who cannot pamt a picture istherefore
disqualified fiom criticising it. But most of us
are alarmingly, and some of us savagely, free
with criticism. And the pathos of the situation
isthat most of our criticism is worse than
wasted. A thunderstorm which sours the milk
in the pantry, usually clears the air outside,
But the trouble with most criticism is that it
sours the milk of human kindness without im-
proving the atmosphere at all. Criticism is
seldom a spur. Itis frequently a drag. It is
sometimes paralyzes.” ‘‘Let something good be
said !’ —

Whoever is open, loyal, true; of humane and
affable action, honorable himself and in his
judgement of others; faithful to his word as
to law, and faithful alike to God and man;

-such a man is a true gentlemen.—7}e Keform-

atory Pillar.

Worry over work kills more people than
overwork does. ;

DID YOU—?

“Did you give him a lift? He’s a brother of
man,
And bearing about all the burden” he can.
Did you give him a smile? He was down-
cast and blue,
And the smile would have helped him to

battle it through. °*

“Did you give him your hai.d?
ping down hill,
And the world, so I fancied, was using him
ill.
Did you give him a word?
him the road,
Or did you just let him go on with hisload?

He was slip-

Did vou show

“Do you know what it means to be losing
the fight.
When a lift just in time might set every-
thing right?
Do you know what it means—just a clasp of
a hand,
Whei a mans bo ne about alla man ought
to stand?

““Did you ask why it was—why the quivering?
Why the half-suppressed sob, and the scald-
ing tears drip?
Were you brother of his when the time came
of need?
Did you offer to help him, or didn’t you
heed?’’ (—Selectel)

SPARKS FROM LIVE WIRES

SOMEBODY
Did a golden deed;
Proved a friend in need;
Sang a beautiful song;
Smiled the whole day long;
Thought, ‘‘T’is sweet to live.”’
Said, ““I’'m glad to give;”’
Faught a valiant fight;
Lived to shield the right.
WAS IT YOU ?
—The Index.
2 * *

Some people who make public protesta-
tions of friendship to men in pris.n reminds us
of the soldier’s remaik; ‘He’s a changeable
kind of bloke. Last night I said to him ‘who
goes there?’ and he answered ‘Fricnd’ and to
day he hardly knows me,”’~ Our View Point

. * 2 *

- When will supposedly sensible ; eople realize
that learning does not necessarily imply or
ensure upright living? It is true that more is
to be expected of the so called educated man.
But.we are deceived right here. We are prone
to think that a man is educated who becomes
a veritable encyclopedia, even though he mav
be devoid of all true principle. Even supposing
the man who ‘‘knows itall’”’ really hasim-
bibed some religious knowledge, that is no
sign that he will make it practical. For we
find only too often from experience that know-
ledge is but a power wielded for destruction
rather than construction. And that is because
we are not educated to subjugate mind to con-
science.—The Casile.
