---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_055.jpg
---
JUST MERE MENTION

Cornelius Vanderbilt is industrious and in-
ventive as well as wealthy. He has worked

out plans for the improvement of locomotive

machinery.
S

Vesta Tilly, popular favorite of the vaudeville
stage, has never appeared on the stage in fem-
inine attire. At five years of age, as ‘“Tiny
Tilly,”’ she made her debut in the full evening
dress of a man, and sang songs. Since then it
has been man’s dress exclusively that she has
worn before the footlights. In private life,
she is Mrs. Walter de Freece, wife of her man-
ager.

S

It is said that Howard Lindsay, stage man-
ager of Margaret Anglin, is one of the best in-
formed men in the country on things theat-
rical. Strangely enough, he prefers to talk
and write of aichitecture. If the movies ever
should crush the legitimate drama, Mr. Lindsay
could stage cities as well as he now stages
plays. And speaking of movies, he took his
turn at directing in them, too.

&

The retirement of “Buffalo Bill,”” who can
no longer shoot as straight as he could, recalls
his own story at the expense of a French Count
who came to hunt on his cattle ranch.

“What luck?’’ asked Colonel Cody, when
the Frenchman returned empty-handed.

‘“Vair good,”” exclaimed the Count, smiling
with pleasure. “Ze bairds were too difficile,
but of ze wild cows and calves you will find
seven dead near ze water-hole ”’

S

Robert ] Burdette when a boy was lectur-
ing his younger brother, John, one evening
about sleeping with his mouth wide open.

“Johnny,”’ said Bob, ‘“‘you will never live
to be married if you sleep with your mouth
open. You’ll dic of consumption if you don't
stop ”’

““‘But you sleep that way sometimes,’” replied
John.

“Yes, that’s true,’” replied Bob; “but when-
ever I find myself sleeping that way, with my
mouth open, I get up and shut it ”’

.

Ed. Crillo, a well-known writer, used to
play poker, and when he played he became
completely engrossed in the game.  One eve-
ning he was playing on the top floor of a Wash-
ington building, when a fire broke out. Some-
body in the card room saw the ho.ewagon
backing up out in front, and remarked:

““There seems to be a fire here pretty close.”’

““Yes,”” murmured Grillo. *‘It’s your
deal.”’ e

A few moments later the door opened and
an excited colored attendant said:

““Gempmen, y’all bettah git out.
in's on fire.”’

Grillo turned upcn the man rather savagely
and. commanded: ‘“You shut that door, and
keep the smoke out o’ here, or I’ll break your
neck!"”’ i

)

Th’ build-

THE UMPIRE

A WONDERFUL DEVICE

‘It is likely that most of us have at some
time been in a jeweler’s shop and have noticed
the hundreds and hundreds of the watches
hanging on the walls there, some have been re-
paired and some waiting to be repaired, and
all of them crying to be wound up every day.

And winding up six or seven hundred watches
would take almost a whole day—think of that!
So what do you suppose has been invented?
A WATCH-WINDING MACHINE.

It isan electrical device and does all the
work in less than no time. ‘A small motor,
transmitting its power by friction, drivesa
shaft at the end of which is a socket to hold
the stem of the watch. The watchmaker simply
holds the stem in the socket. presses hard
enough to engage the friction wheels and the
motor does the rest. When the watch is wound
the tightened spring overcomes the friction
and the motor is disengaged.”’

WHAT MISTAH TROUBLE DID

O’ Mistah Trouble, he come aroun’ one

day

“I gwinter git you, so you better

run away!

I likes to see you hustle.
has my fun

I knows I kin ketch up to you,
how you run!”’

An’ say,

Dat’s de way I

no matter

I says, ‘“‘Mistah Trouble, you has been a
chasing me

Ever since | kin remember, an’ I’se tired as
I kin be. '

So I’se gwinter stop right yere,
around, a-facing you,

An’ lick you if I kin, an’ fin’ out jest what

"~ you kin do.”’

Mistah Trouble,
shamed;

He acted like a buckin’-hoss dat’s suddenly
been tamed;

An’ den he turned an’ traveled off, a holler-
in’, ‘““‘Good day;

I ain’t got time to fool around wif folks dat

acts dat way.”’—Washington Star.

A PUZZLING ADDRESS

One of our esteemed contemporaries whose
edit. r is noted for his acute perception in mai y
puzzling affairs, tells of a letter which gct into
the mails bearing this address: woop There

MASS

was nothing more to indicate for whom the let-
ter was intended or the name of his post-office
and state. Many postal clerks.vainly tried to
decipher it, and it finally found its way to
the dead-letter office at Washington, where a
«lerk made out the name, town and state. We
promised to explain the puzzle. Here is all
there is to the address: ‘“Mark Underwood,
Andover, Mass.”” It is perfectly obvious that
there is a mark under ‘“‘Wood,” and over
“Mass.”” Easy, isn’t it?

b

an  turn

or he looked mightily a-

It’s a wiser plan to fight temptation than to
pray for forgiveness.

o

IN LIGHTER VEIN

Many a man who marries money is never
seen in public with it.

S

The shoemaker is apt to be his own footman.
Also his own butler and valet.

S

~ If you want to flatter a girl, tease her about
the hearts she has broken.

5

There are a lot of busy bees in the wotld who
don’t know how to gather honey without
stinging people

S

When a fellow tells a girl he loves her for all
he is worth, she naturally wants to know how
much he is worth.

S
Father (reprovingly)—‘‘Do vou know what
happens to liars when they die?”’
Johnny—*“Yes, sir; they lie still.”’

g

Waiter—‘“Yes, sir; omelettes has gone up on
account of the war.”’ ;

Diner— ‘““Great Scott! Are they throwing
eggs at each other now?”’

5

James (who is broke)—"I have one faithful
friend left.”’

Hulks (also broke)—‘‘Who is it?”’

James— My pipe. I can still draw on

5

The Prisoner—*‘“There goes my hat, Shall I
run after it?”’

Policeman Casey — ““Phwat? Run away and
never come back aggin? You stand here
I'll run after your hat.”’

S

He was a lover of music, who had just been
to hear Puccini’s ‘“Madam. Butterfly,”’
he was expatiating upon its beauties to'an un-
responsive friend whom he observed to vawn.
The music lover was hurt. “‘Look here, Jchn,”
he protested, ‘“‘don’t ycu thit k that niusic is
of some practical benefit i1 life?”’

““Oh, yes,"” said the unrespo isive one; ‘“why,
judging from the p rtraits [ hayve seen of emi.
neint musicians, especially pianists, I <hculd
say that music is great to keep the hair from
falling out.”’

thatge

and

and

g

In a sleeping-car one night, after «verybodyv
had turned in and the lights were low, a loud
voice called from an upper berth:

‘‘Porter, cot a corkscrew ?"”

The porter came hurring down the aisle.

““Byss,”” he said, in a scindalized tone,
don’t allow no drinking in the berths.
against the rules.”’

“Oh, it ain’t that, Porter.”” the voice answer-
ed; “‘I just want to dig out a pillow that’s
sort of worked its way into my ear.”’

‘we
It
