---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_056.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

ECHOES OF BASEBALL

Joe Jackson, the heavy hitting outfielder of
the White Sox, has purchased a home in Savan-
nah, Ga. He paid $7,000 for the house and
turned it over to his mother uniil he ‘returns
from the 1916 World’s Series in the fall.

Eddie Grant’s retirement from baseball to
take up the practice of law marks the passing
of one of the real highbrows of the game.
Grant, a graduate of Harvard, probably is one
of the most thoroughly educated men who ever
played professional ball.

The story that Lee Magee would act as
field captain of the Yankees has been denied
by Manager Donovan, who states that Peck-
inbaugh will retain the job and that he is the
logical man for the position. Magee seems con-
signed to a berth in the outfield, Joe Gcedeon
being the favorite for second base.

It is rathes surprising that all major league
clubs granted waivers on Pitcher Douglass and
that, too, before his escapade at Tampa, for
the tall mountaineer, in spite of his occasional
lapses, is some pitcher, all managers will admit.
However, it was done and therein is a warning
to other ball players who misbehave.

One of the interesting stories of the week
was that John McGraw would ship Fred Mer-
kle to the Chicago White Sox and sign Hal
Chase to play first base for the Giants in his
place. The only hitch in the story is that
the National League would about as soon
waive on Merkle as it would on Jake Daubert.

A NOVEL PAROL¥Y METHOD

In the current Issue of Popular Mechanics
reference is made to a new and novel methoci
of parole, wherein an inmate while serving sen-
tence for his offense is permitted to work out
side the institution to which he is committed,

-returning in the evening to sleep. In fact the
the prison, or House of Correction, at Dayton,
Ohio, is his home; his conduct is supervised by
the head of the institution and with the excep-
ton of this supervision he isa free man, his
conduct insuring his privelege. This idea ap-
pears to solve many problems, and no one will
say but that their are many problems facing a
paroled man.

‘Two «f the main issues are provided for; living
and woi k,—there knowing that with exemplary
conduct these issues are met, his endeavor will
be to live up to the confidence placed in him,
for to break it means the withdrawing of the
enjoyed priveleges. He will acquire the habit
of right living, which will be as hard to throw
off as the habits that caused his downfall.
During his term he is paid regular wages, a
portion being paid to his dependants while the
remainder is devoted to his personal use.
There is much to be said of this method from
the inmates point of view, where the intent to
meet the ‘‘after prison—what?”’ problem is
hazy and hopeless.—B 7542

SUNDAY SONG SERVICE

The inmate choirs and Orchestra gave a wel)
rendered Song Service on the Centre, at this
institution on Sunday afternoon iast. The pro-
gram was well selected and the soloist’s in song
and at the piano did well, adding to the com-
pleteness of the musical numbers.

All the men were glad to see the Chaplain
again after his recent sickness, and listened
with rapt attenion to his interesting and in-
structive remarks at the close of the service.

Many visitors were present on the occasion,
all of whom were replete in their praise of the
pleasing event

It is reported that Prof. Wiegandt has made
preparations for an extra fine Song Service on
Easter Sunday.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The entertainment program changed last
Saturday, the old Troup being replaced by
Troup No. 4 who have arranged a number of
startling and amusing acts with plenty of
music and songs. There wasnota dull mo-
ment from start to finish of the performance.

The orchestra has been practicing very dili-
gently, and have added quite a number of new
and lively pieces to their repertoire. The new
program is as follows.

1 Overture H. F. C. 2 Harmonica King B 76009.
3. Gymastic Act B 6620 4 Vocal selection B
7591. 5 Quarrelsome Couple B 7717 7462. 6
H. F. C. Orchestra 7 The Fakir & Auctioneer
B 7766. 8 Recitation by B 6689. 9 The
Haunted House B 7478, 7195. 10 Guitar King
with original Songs B 8086. 11 Musical Spec-
ialiy Co. B 7725 8057 7935 7868 6476 8056.
12 Recitation B 7545. 13 H. F. C. Quartette.
14 H. F. C. Orchestra.

This week the 6th Block and Gallery and 12
th 1st and 2nd Gallery go out, tickets will be
issued Saturday at noon.—A 8432 B 7927.

JOHN SCOTT
EEEEETTRES

Overseer John Scott, who for the past twenty
two years was employee of the State at this
institution, passed awayat his home in this
city, last Wednesday. The deceased had been
ailing for some time prior to his death, so that
his taking away was not wholly unexgected.
He was a member of a number of frater: al
organizations. His funeral took place from his
late residence on Aspen St., on Saturday last.

_ An Acknowledgement
To the men on the 7th Block of the E. S, J 24,
Dear Boys:

We acknowledge with deep appre-
ciation your kind expression of svmpathy.
While our hearts were heavy the arrival of
your piece brought enlightment to us. It is
grand thing to know his boys were fond of hin..

Your piece was beautiful indeed a; d may
God bless each and every one of you. = Trust-
ing we will all meet him on the other side of
the river —Mrs Scott and Family.

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

Notice for publication must come through your overseer
Inmates who fail to notify the Umpire office when adver-
tised goods are sold will be denied future use of Ad column,

FOR SALE— Clothes brushes, hair brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 385cts. to
$150. B1381, 7 B. (*%)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3 B.

FOR SALE—Oil paintings on canvas, glass
and wood, different sizes, also painting done to
order at reasonable price. B 773¢. 10 B. (5)

FOR SALE— Fancy German silver rings also
tooth picksand pins at reasonable prices. Work
guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722,7G. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy hand painted post cards
done in oil and water color, 6 for 5c. Photo
enlargements in crayon. B 6829. 8 B. (6)

FOR SALE—Lord’s Prayers 15x20, all pen
flourish with gold shading; also 15 styles post

carde. B 6982, 9 B, (7)
FOR SALE—Pure tone violin rare bargain,
$10. B 5867, 7 B. iy 7

FOR SALE—Thorner German Accordeon
with case and instruction book. Cost $8, will
sell for $4.50. B 6153, 5 B. (7)

FOR SALE—DMusic stand 50cts; and Italian
—English and English—Italian Dictionary for
$2 B 7676, 12 Block 1 G. (8)

NOTICE—Saftey razor blades sharpened at
2c each. Gillette blades 3c. B 5400, 12 B. (9

FOR SALE—E flat piccolo, J. W. Pepper
make, in good condition: also instruction book
with finger chart. 2 books, one with 43 and
the other 62 pieces for piccolo. All for only
$3.50, B 7016, 5B. 9

FOR SALE—Easter bead Collars & Chains,
Ladies latest style, prices reasonable. B 5496,
12 B 2nd G. 2 (9)

FOR SALE—1 single dartboard $3. 1 double
dartboard $3.50, copper wire and well finished. -
B7483,1B. (8)

FOR SALE—American Conservatory man-
dolin: new. Sacrifice.$7.90. Going home soon.
B 6881, 6 G. (11)

FOR SALE—Complete set of carpenter’s
tools for inlaid work, almost new, price $10)
B 6994, 6 B. (11)
- FOR SALE—Eleven string Wevman man-
dolin, good tene, true ﬁngering_: B605_6_l()B (9)
~ FOR SALE—Cornet Tromb, Violin and man
dolin. all in good condition, also instruction
books., B 7059, B.4 (9)

FOR SALE -Three fine singing canaries now
broe@_i‘_q_g,dql‘co7h1"_fﬂejg§ng cages. B7040. 4G. (12)

FOR SALE—Violin first class condition,
wortt$25 00 sacrifice for $4 00

B 7892—3 B. 12)
FOR SALE—Pair of éanaries, $4. B 8022
7B (12)

FOR SALE—Dart board cost $3 almost new
will sell for $1.50 B 7766, 6 G. (12)
- FOR SALE—Piano Harp. Sell cheap. Going
home snon B693°, 1st Block (13)

EXCHANGE-—First class violin made in
1836 for a good mandolin or banjo B806511 B.

FOR SALE—14 k gold plared fountain pen,
price reas nable. B. 7812, 12 B (13)

FOR SALE—Wade and Butcher razor cheap

2 B 8042, 7 B. (13)
FOR SAI E—Mandolin in good condition:
also mandolin instruction bock. All for $2.50
SR feBRT8o MSE (13)

FOR SALE—Guitar in good condition: also
instruction book. Both for $2.00, B 7599 4th B.

