---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_057.jpg
---
%’-: j
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

VOL. V

VILLA ELUDES U.S. TROOPS
UNDER COLONEL DODD

Outlaw Chief said to have ilad leg

amputated

From Columbus, N. M. it was reported that
hopes of the American cavalrymen under
Colonel George A. Dodd, of finding Villaamong
the snow-clad slopes of the Continental Divide
are based on the discovery of the track of car-
riage wheels in a mountainous waste near here:

These, it is believe, may have been made by
the vehicle which carried away the injured
leader. Ever since they defeated the Villa com.
mander at San Geronimo ranch with heavy
losses last Wednesday, the American cavalry-
men have searched ceaselessly forthe bandit
leader; but up to late no definite information
concerning his whereabouts has reached this
camp.

Villa has disappeared in a way which, con-
sidering the relentlessness of the American
pursuit, seems mysterious. The American
troops have not encountered any natives who
will even admit they have seen Villa,

Every gorge, canyon, trail and watering
place in the mountainous passes in this vicinity,
is being watched by American air scouts or
searched by cavalrymen in hope of discovering
the bandit’s hiding place. The aviators also
are keeping the column informed as to the
movements of the scattered remanents of the
band. Hope is expressed that one of these, at
least, may attempt to rejoin their chief and
thus lead the American forces to his hiding
place.

Latest reports irom Mexico state that Villa
has lost a leg, according to a dispatch received
by the War Department from the municipal
president of the town of Chihuahua, who re-
ports that Villa was so badly wounded in the
surprise attack recently made on the constitu-
tionalist garrison at Guerrero that amputation
of the limb was necessary.

FORMER 1. C. S. HEAD
IS NOW A BANKRUPT

In a report from Scranton, Pa., it is said
that visions of wealth which followed the won-
derful success that attended the early yeais of
the International Coirespondence Schools,
visions which led to the incorporation of other
companies, some subsidarv to the schools and
others closely affiliated with it through inter-
locking directorates, were dispellel Wwhen
Thomas ]J. Foster, founder and president of
the International Correspondence Schools filed
a voluntary petition in bankruptcy in the
United States District Court.

T!i= is the sequence of the pyramiding of

A

HE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, April 5, 1916

company upon company, each capitalized in
the millions, and the exploiting of schemes
under the name of Foster and the Internation-
al Correspondence Schools.

These companies, some 20 in number, were
capitalized at about $129,000,000. Some have
already collapsed and others are tottering,
while the International Ccrrespondence Schools
were only saved from collapse by the bankers
of that city coming to their rescue last summer
with a loan of $500,000.

The petition saysthat Foster has only $150.
in cash and a bank deposit of $200 to his name.

TEMPERANCE UNION TO MAKE
CITY-WIDE FIGHT ON «“BOOZE”

““It is a well known fact that a saloonkeeper
who sells ‘booze’ will not employ a drunkard
as a bartender.”” This and numerous other con-
cise statements, set forth in red letters, will
mark this city from end to end in a Philadel-
phia Poster Campaign to start about May 1st.
The movement was announced yesterday at
the headquarters of the National Temperance
Union, 730 Widener Building.

More than 1000 posters of various sizes,
color and text will be sent to Kensington. One
prominent real estate man has offered to the
union the use of the windows of all of the va-
cant stores and homes he has in his charge for
display purposes. Other conspicuous points
will be placarded until the entire city is ap-
prised of the evil and far-reaching influences of
liguor. They do not dignify alcoholic bever-
ages by calling them liquors, intoxicants or
whiskey; with them it is '‘booze.” The cam-
paign is being planned to reach its greatest
effectiveness before the spring primaries,

QUICK ACTION OF MINER
SAVES FORTY COMPANIONS

A Wilkes-Barre, Pa., report states thatforty
miners in the Butler colliery of the Hillside
Coal Company, at Browntown, escaped death
last Friday by wading through water up to
their necks when the mine was flooded. Only
the quick action of James Frearick saved the
miners from death.

Frearick and three others broke throygh an
old working unexpectedly and released a big
body of water that had collected in the‘‘ Cork
and Bottle’ shaft that was abandoned 20 years
ago. In a few seconds water was up to their
knees. Nearby were 37 miners and laborers at
work. Frearick, the only man who knew the
working, led his helpers to the men. By the
time they were on the main gangway the water
was up to their necks.

The Board of Parole continued its session on
Tuesday owing to the number “‘up’ for parole.

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 14

SAFETY FOR U. S.
LIES IN BIG SHIPS

It Would be a “Bloodless Victory” In
Case of War Says Roosevelt

With the statement that dreadnoughts have
won the greatest victory of the European war,
without finng a shot, Assistant Secretary
of the Navy Roosevelt faced the House Naval
Committee. With enough dreadnoughts, he
said, the United Statcs would win a “‘bloodless
victory’'in a war.

“Today the United States is richer and
weaker than ever in its history, in comparison
with other Powers,”” Mr. Roosevelt said, ex-
plaining that the nation has great potential re-
sources, but a “handful of an army’’ and a
Navy weaker than several Powers for immedi-
ate defense. By keeping the foe’s fleet off the
seas, Mr. Roosevelt said, the British dread-
noughts had attained the aim for which they
were built. :

That there is a possibility, at least, of this
nation becoming involved in war with a victor
in Europe was asserted by Mr. Roosevelt.
He pictured disaster in a war with a fleet twice
as strong, expressing belief that the United
States fleet would be wiped out, the Panama
Canal and United States possessions lost and
the nation ‘‘bottled up’’ and open to invasion.

In reply toa suggestion that European bel-
ligerents will be exhausted at the close of the
war and be little inclined to continue arming,
Mr. Roosevelt said:

‘It is entirely problematical. But judging
by history, the best guess is that they will
continue.”’

Mr. Roosevelt explained that the recom-
mendation for eight ships immediately repre-
sented his personal views, and not those of the
Department.

BRUMBAUGH RECEIVES
BRIEF VISIT FROM TAFT

From a llarrisburg report itis learned that
former President Taft was one of the few per-
sons who saw Governor Brumbaugh. The for-
mer President had an hour to spend be-
tween trains Monday afternoon on his way to
Mercersburg, and he strolled through Capital
Park unattended, to call on the Governor. The
Governor had spent.only a short time on the
Hill today, and Mr. Taft saw him at the Ex-
ecutive Mansion. He spent half an hour with
the Governor, in which time they talked over
the political situation of the leading parties,

Mexican trails -swept by U. S. cavalry
throughout Guerrero district in whirlwind
hunt for Villa. Report of revolt by Cano,

Carranza colonel, reaches bcider.
