---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_058.jpg
---
R T e Ty Sy

2

THE UMPIRE

: -

THE UMPIRE

"Devoted to "Vthe interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

“All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

’ »’.ll‘q\iv_nsure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

B 7413:

Editor.

Philadelphia, April 5, 1916

PrISON PopuULATION—Males 1474. Females
98. Total 1502 Last serial number B 8189

ﬁ

THE PUBLIC DEFENDER

From time to time we have notice the agita-
tion in the various papers throughout the coun-
try, of the advocation of a public defender.
Without question this is one of the needed re-
forms of the future that is taking strong hold
of the public mind, and we venture to say that
as soon as the taxpayers and public spirited
men are led to see the many sided benefits that
will come of its adoption, their interests will
crystallize into decisive action in the matter.

Reviewing one of the legal periodicals re-
cently, we note the following paragraphs which
seem well worthy recapitulation in our columns.

“Of thc many innovations—reforms we may
say —in the administration of the law in recent
years in the United States, is the creation of
the office of public defender. To the West,
more willing to experiment than the conserva-
tive East, is due the birth of this newidea of the
administration of justice, as well as that of the
juvenile court, and that it has proven a succcss
is evidenced by its speed to other sections of the
country.

An amendment to the constitution of the
State of New York, providing for the es-
tablishment of the office, has recently been
submitted to the constitutional convention.
Theoretically, the prosecuting attorney, as an
officer of the court, sworn to see justice done
represents the accused as well as the state,
but practically it has been demonstrated that
one man cannot represent two sides of a case
at one and the same time without one or the
other suffering, and the result is that the poor
man must do without a proper and adequate
legal defence or, worse, accept an attorney of
the class known as, ‘‘shyster.”’

Perhaps one of the strongest arguments in
favor of the creation of such an office is the
highly successful results obtained in other
communities where it has been practically tes-
ted, while the most serious objection urged by
many is the expense. This contention also
finds its best answer in the experience ¢ f others,
it being claimed that the administration of the
office in Los Angeles, where it has been tested
more thoroughly than anywhere else, shows
that the public defender actually saves money

S R e e PR SR OCT G e

for the country by eliminating delays and use-
less trails.”” In addition it also serves the pur-
pose of creating a greater respect for the law
of the land, in that the poor man will feel that
he is actually receiving real justice.

SUSPICIOUS OF THE U. S.

A special correspondent of one of the leading
periodicals of this country called. upon Presi-
dent Porras, of Panama, for the purpose of an
interview, at which time he is reported to have
said that the Panamans are distrustful of the
present position they occupy in the world and
would like to see the Panama canal neutralized
and placed under the joint control and pro-
tection of four or more great world powers.
They want the canal fortified, the president
said, for they understand that if it were
shelled Panama City and Colon would be de-
stroyed by the first shots,”” yet they consider
that their growth and prosperity are endanger-
ed by the process of fortifying the waterway.
He pointed out for example, that though rail-
roads running out of both Colon and Panama
City are badly needed, the United States will
not construct such roads because of the possi-
bility of their being used by an enemy.

President Porras spoke of a suggestion which
has been made of placing the Panama canal,
the Suez canal and similar waterways under
the joint control and protection of four great
powers, and said that though the proposal
seems impossible, he believes it would appeal
strongly to the people of Panama.

ANOTHER DANTE ANNIVERSARY

There is now under way the prefecting of
plans for celebration in May, of the six hun-
dred and fifty first anniversary of the birth of
Dante. It may be said that the world’s
interest in Dante is far more than interest in a
poet. He was a poet, but he was more. He
was a prophet, a pioneerof truth and freedom.
Withal, he was an arch-lover, a tender, chaste,
ardent, inspired discipie of love.

His writing on Christianity seems to fairly
sparkle in the lines of Divine Comedy. The
atonement salvation by Christ alone, he saw
and announced. Modern Christians lament
the fury of his descriptions of the sufferings of
lost souls, but rejoice that in the darkness
and corruption of the Middle Ages this brave
and gifted man found and proclaimed so much
of Gospel truth.

Who can think of Dante without remember-
ing Beatrice? A vague, mysterious, bewitch-
ing character, she shines ever above the image
of the poet himself. He possessed her not on
earth, but found her in the heavenlies. And
his pure love, his obedient following of the
light she shed upon his life, area constant
challenge to every true man to follow the
purest and highest star that shines for his own
soul.

“Lend a hand. The best way to help your-
self is to help your neighbor’’

Be king of yourself and you will conquer the
world.””’

SINGING ON THE WAY

By Eben E. Rexford

Oh, comrade onward farring,
Let’s sing in cheerful strain
A song to brighten labor
And soothe the hurt of pain.
A song so full of gladness,
So blithe with hope and cheer,
That weary wayside pilgrims
Will gain new strength to hear.

Life holds for most, my comrades,
More happiness than pain.

Nature gives a day of sunshine
For every day of rain.

So trusting in the wisdom
Of this eternal plan,

Let’s face the rain or sunshine
And do the best we can.

Oh, Let's sing my comrades,
Of blessing by the way.
Each cloud’s a silver lining;
There’s blue beyond the grey!
So as we sing about it
The shadows break apart,
And all the world’s In sunshine
Because we’re light of heart!

TRY AGAIN

You’ve lost! I know—your scheme has fail-
ed and things are seeming blue. The future’s
rosy look has gone. You don’t know what to
do. Well, listen Bill. The schemes that win
are only two in ten. Tomorrow may be bright-
er, boy. Buck up and try again. You hada
million in your grasp; or was a girl the prize?
And now you think the world is full of just
deceit and lies. Conditions such as yours aren’t
new. They’re faced by many men. Tomorrow
may be brighter, boy. Buck up and try again.
If all schemes we figure out were winners life
would pale and soon we’d all be trying hard to
keep from going stale. Don'tlose your temper
over it like some old fool wet hen. Tomorrow
may be brighter boy. Buck up and try again.
You’ve lost! I know—your scheme has failed
and things are seeming blue, but there is no
reason why the next should not go blooming
through. This good old saw’s the best I know
from any tongue or pen; ‘‘“Tomorrow may be
brighter, boy!. Buck up and try again.”

: —Bide Dudley

NEVER'!

No one is beart till he quits,

No one is through till he stops;
No matter how hard failure hits,

No matter how often he drops,
A fellow's not down till he lies

In the dirt and refuses to rise.

Faten.ay slam him and bang him around,
And batter his frame till he's sore;
But she never can say that he’s downed
While he bobs up serenely for more.
A fellow’s not dead till he dies,
Nor beat till no longer he tries.—Selected
