---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_059.jpg
---
JUST MERE MENTION

Clarence Mackay is an enthusiastic lover of
dogs and has extensive kennels in connection
with his mansion, ‘“Harbor Hill,’" at Roslyn,
Long 1sland.

o

John William Kellette, the Photo-play author,
has a greater liking for roast beef than for army
rules. During the Spanish-American War, when
some army red-tape had tied up canned roast
beef right under the noses of the hungry soldiers.
Kellette cut both the red-tape and canned beef
with one stroke of a hatchet and was fined
three dollars.

S

Mayor W. G. Nye of Minneapolis, who wel-
comes all visiting conventions and makes many
talks at church sociables and like events, has
designed a speech that, by the change of words,
at intervals throughout, can be adjusted to fit
any occasion. He recently delivered it before
an organization of undertakers and then re-
peated it, with necessary intermittent word
changes, before the State Poultry Raisers, and
received an ovation in both instances.

&

Here’s one about Josephus Daniels:

When he was playing one of the star parts
in the drama of the Baltimore convention, he
was the victim of a catastrophe. In getting
out of his bathtub, he slipped and injured two
of his sturdy and well developed ribs. When
it was announced that he would be made Sec-
retary of the Navy, one of his chums from
North Carolina asked him one day.

“How on earth can this country expect its
battleships to be built and boarded by a man
who broke two ribs trying to get out of a
Baltimore bathtub?’’

o*

When Senator William S. Kenyon was a
youngster in school, he had an examination in
geography one day that was extremely difficult.
One of the hardest questions was: ‘““Name four
animals that inhabit the polar regions.”

Kenyon thought of polar bears and seals,
and that was all. For the life of him he couldn’t
recall another one—not even a walrus. After
racking his brain until he was half distracted
he finally answered the question as follows:

‘“‘A polar bear and three seals.”’

S

Even President Wilson has fallen into the
popular habit of telling jokes on the Ford auto-
mobile. The other day when he started for an
auto ride he observed four machines parked in
front of the White House and noted that three
of them were Fords This reminded him of a
story, in substance as follows: The owner of a
Ford had come down with what was considered
his last illness and requested the friends gath-
ered about his bedside to see that the machine
was buried with him. Much surprised at this
odd idea, they pressed him for an explanation.

“Well,”"said he, ‘‘that little old car has pulled

me out of many a deep hole and it may pull me
out of this one.”’

THE UMPIRE

TRUTH STRANGER THAN FICTION

If any novelist possessed the hardihood to
write a story in which the hero had as many
momentous experiences in the brief space of 24
hours as a young fellow at Los Angeles act-
ually had he would be ridiculed for writing im-
possible fiction; the critics would be sure to
come out with long, scathing articles, telling
how and why it would be impossible for such
a chain of events to take place consecutively
in so short a time in real life. However that
may be, here is what really happened to the
young Los Angeles man and all in a single 24-
hour day: He lost a friend, side-stepped a
duel, won a bride, chased over five counties
and at length found an accommodating clergy-
man who tied the knot that made him and his
new-found partner one.

A GIGANTIC MAP

A huge map of the world drawn to the un-
usual scale of sixteen miles to the inch, has
been in process of drawing for over six years.
That a map on this huge scale should be under-
taken was agreed upon by an international
committee which met in London seven years
ago. Each country, it was decided, would draw
its own map to the scale and all the work would
be done under a uniform system of symbolsand
signs, with the metric system employed in de-
signating distances and altitudes and Latin
characters used in place of names. The United
States did not participate in the agreement,
nor in one entered into later—at Brussels in
1911—when the Aeronautical Map Conference
decided to make a world map on the scale of
éighty miles to the inch.

A VALUABLE SUBSTITUTE

A few years ago platinum was regarded as
indispensable in electrical apparatus, but at
the present cost—about two and one-half times
as much as gold— the more or less suitable
substitutes found are being largely used in its
place. This doubtless has some effect in pre-
venting the price of the much wanted  metal
from soaring still higher.

Nickelchromium, metallic tungston, and me
tallic molybdenum are being made to serve
in incandescent lamps, molybdenum seems to
be coming into use for resistance wires for
electric furnaces and heaters, and tungston
is a material for the spark plug points of
gas engines.

The story is told that there was a bad ac-
cident in the street of a big city. A surgeon
happened to be at the spot and was soon rend-
ering first aid. He did not have his medicine-
kit with him. He needed something and need-
ed it quickly. ‘““Boy,” he said to a youngster in
it the crowd, ‘“‘hand me that string out of your
pocket.”” And the string was forthcoming.
““How did you know that boy had a string in
his pocket?”’ asked a spectator later. ‘‘Why,
every rea!l boy carries string in his pocket.”’
said the surgeon.

IN LIGHTER VEIN

H

Ambition is what prompts a man to do the
things he can’t instead of those he can.

&

Many a man never succeeds because he is
afraid of doing more than his share.

5

When a girl turns a fellow down it is a bit-
ter disappointment to her pride if he doesn’t
take to drink.

S5

The man who tells us that figures never lie
loses sight of the fact that sometimes they
won’t stand, either.

&

Sillicus—‘‘Yes, he told her he would love her
always.”” Cynicus—‘‘And I suppose they were
both young enough to believe it.”’

&

—*‘‘A man is soon forgotten after he is dead,”’
quoted the Wise Guy. “Yes, unless you hap-
pen to have married his widow,”’ added the
Simple Mug.

o

—Blobbs—‘“There’s an expression, ‘as mad
as a March hare.” Now, what makes a March
hare mad?’’ Slobbs—*‘‘I give it up, unless it
is the February groundhog.”’

S

—“It’s easy enough to make money,”’’ said
the business man. ‘‘Yes the trouble is to pass
it without getting caught,’’ replied the conter-
feiter.

&

““Willie,”’ said the teacher, ‘‘give me three
proofs that the world is actually round.”’

“Yes’m,’’ said Willie cheerfully; ‘‘the book
says so, you say so and Ma says so.’’

K

First Boy—*‘‘What is this big-brother move-
ment?’’

Second Boy—*‘‘Well, as I understand it,
never lick any boy who has a big brother.”’

S5
Mrs. Neighbors—‘‘What was that awful
racket I heard in your flat this morning?”
Mrs. Nextdoor—'‘Oh that was my husband.
He fell over a rocking chair and broke one of
the commandments.’’

&

Two doctors met one day, and one said to
the other: “I hear you operated on Smith
yesterday What did youdo that for?"

‘““Why, for a thousand dollars.”’

‘““Yes, I know,”’ replied the other;
what did you operate for?’’ _

“Why’'—with some impatience—*““for a thou-
sand dollars.”’

“Yes, yes, I know; but what I mean is, what
did Smith have?”’

““Why, I’ve told you twice already—a thou-
sand dollars.”’

“but
