---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_060.jpg
---
ECHOS OF BASEBALL

Only seven more days, and the E- SRS

American and National Leagues will open the'

1916 baseball season.

~~Christy Méthéwson declares his shoulder is

not hurting him and that he feels sure of stag-
ing a grand comeback.

Germany Schaefer was describing the base
running of a former star catcher i the majors,
now reitred. “It was awful to see him go down
to first base,”’ said Schaefer. ‘‘Why, he could
run all day ona ten-cent piece.”

““Chick’’ Gandil reminds one of George Sto-
vall in one way. He makes the pitchers cover
first, and if the Cleveland hurlers fail to im-
prove in fielding it will not be “Chicks’’ fault,
for he absolutely declines to scoop a grounder
and dash for the sack himself.-

_Percy Haughton, who is some all around

' _.athlete, will put on a monkey suit and work

out with his Braves at Miami, so he says.
When coaching football teams he usually ap-
pearedin uniform, it will be no new experience
for him. Woe betide him if Stallings mistakes
him for a rookie and hands him a line c¢f that
- famous Stallings conversation for a miscue.

One can believe what he pleases about the
terms of Benny Kauff reached with the Giants.
One story is that Benny received his bonus of
$5,000 cash down and a raise in salary sufficient
to cover the sum he claimed from Harry Sin-
clair. If this be true Benny is a pretty costly
bargain for the Giants, granting that $35,000
was paid for his services to Sinclair in the be-
ginning.

Charley Weegham, president of the Cubs,
was talking with a number of Chicago news-
paper men after attending his National League
meeting at New York.

“Well, how did you like it?’’ he was asked.

““Great!”’ replied the new leader. “It was
just like a Federal League meeting except I
didn’t " hear the word used
often.”’

‘million’ SO

Eddie Plank is as much a hero of Palestine
these days as the hero of Gettysburg, a tittle
he has borne gracefully for some years. A Texas
ranger was robbed of a lot of money and jewels
in the lobby of the Palestine hotel the other
night. Plank climbed out in his nightie and ran
down the bandit, capturing him without as-
sistance. The town blacksmith is making Eddie
an iron Cross.

““Kauff is a player of the old school,” said
John McGraw the other day. “He thinks and
lives base ball. That’s the way I did when I
was a voungster. That is the way all the old
Orioles felt toward the game. There are not
many players like that today. Cobb, perhaps,
is, but most of the otherscan’t get through
with practice soon enough.”’

THE UMPIRE
HONOR CLUB NOTES

Last Saturday’s H. F. C. Shows.

 An appreciative audience, and a well ren-
dered program tended to make the entertain-
ment of the Honor Club, a howling success on
Saturday afternoon last. Though out the two
hours, consumed in producing the different
numbers, the audience was kept in almost a
constant uproar of laughter. Too much praise
cannot be given Troup No. 4. The only re-
gretable feature of the entertainment was the
omission of the Gymnastic Act of B 6650, who
was unable to appear and two other numbers
which could not be put on for lack of time.

The H.F. C.orchestra, under the able leader-
ship of B 6252 simply out-did themselves, at
the request of B 6447 (our Vice President) B
7951 rendered two selections on the piano the
applause he received proved beyond doubt the
appreciation of the boys. One of the best hits
of the entire show was the comedy sketch ‘A
Quarrelsome Couple’” by B 7717 and B 7462,
the female character impersonation of B 7717
and the mirth provoking act of B 7462 brought
down the house. The boys gave ““‘W hitey”’
B 7766 the glad hand in his character sketch of
“The Fakir, Showman and auctioneers.’
Whitey is right there with the goods. Another
comedy sketch ‘“The Haunted House’’ by B
7195 and 7478 called forth much applause and
laughter, there is no mistaking the ability of
7192 as a fun maker or a laugh producer.
“‘Guitar King’’ B 8086 with his original songs,
and the act of
were well received all the other numbers were
of the same high character. Every one enjoyed
the show to the limit, and seemd to join each
other in pronouncing the show fine and up to
date.
connection with this entertainment (showing
the thoughtfulness and consideration of our
Club Officials) was the presentation of a
ticket for the show to each one of the Federal
prisoners confined here but who will leave us
on Monday by reason of their removal by the
U. S. Government to a Federal prison, it was
intended to give them a public farewell but
time was too shortt, but we all send our Lest
wishes to them for a pleasent journey.

This week the 3rd, 9th and 12 Blccks go out.
Tickets will be issued Saturday at noon — A8435

Representative Delegate

Defective Eyes said to be the cause of
Crimnal tendencies

Defective eyesight frequently is the cause of
criminal tendencies or moral delinquencies in
opinion of Judge William Wahdams, who bases
his belief upon along period of observation as
Judge of the Court of General Sessions.

“Bad eyes make bad men,’” said Judge Wah-
dams in an addresss to the Society of Medical
Jurisprudence. ‘“The man who cannot think
straight and cannot act correctly. When the

nervous functions become disarranged the moral
also are affected. One of the first steps the
State should take in the correction of criminals,
is careful examination and treatment of their

““The Musical Specialty Co.

One of the most laudable incidents in -

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

Notice for publication must come through your overseer
Inmates who fail to notify the Umpire office when adver-
tised goods are sold will be denied future use of Ad column,

FOR SALE— Clothes brushes, hair brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to
$1.50. B1381, 7 B. G

TYPEWRITIl;IG done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3 B.

FOR SALE— Fancy German silver rings also
tooth picksand pins at reasonable prices. Work
guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722,7G. (6)

FOR SALE—Fancy hand painted post cards
done in oil and water color, 6 for 5c. Photo
enlargements in crayon. B 6829. 8 B. (6)

iFORieriiI;E—:Trh(;fner German Accordeon
with case and instruction book. Cost $8, will
sell for $4.50. B 6153, 5 B. (7)

FOR SALE—Music stand 50cts; and Italian
—English and English—Italian chtlonary for
$2 B 5676, 12 Block 1 G. 8)

NOTICE—Saftey razor blades sharpened at
2c each. Gillette blades 3c. B 5400, 12 B. (9)

"FOR SALE—E flat piccolo, J. W. Pepper
make, in good condition: also instruction book
with finger chart. 2 books, one with 43 and
the other 62 pieces for piccolo. All for only
$3.50, B 7016, 5B. (9)

FOR SALE—Easter bead Collars & Chains,
Ladies latest style, prices reasonable. B 5496,
12 B 2nd G. (9)

FOR SALE—1 single dartboard $3. 1 double
dartboard $3.50, copper wire and well finished.
B 7483, 1 B. Ui (8)

FOR SALE—American Conservatory man-
dolin: new. Sacrifice.$7.90. Going home soon.
B 6881, 6 G. (1)

FOR SALE—Complete set of carpenterq
tools for inlaid work, almost new, price $10)
B 6994, 6 B. (11)

FOR SALE—Eleven string Weyman man-
dolin, good tone, true fingering. B 6056 10B (%)

FOR SALE—Cornet Tromb, Violin and man-

“dolin. all in good condition, also instruction

bookﬂ B 7059, B4 Q)

FOR SALE-—Three fine singing canaries now
breeding, also breeding cages. B7040. 4G. (12)

7FOR SALE—Violin first class COﬂdlthl’],
worth$25 00 sacrifice for $4 00
B 7892—3 B3 (12)
FOR SALE—Pair of canaries, $4. B 8022
7B (12)

" FOR SALE—Piano Harp. Sell cheap. Going
home soon B6932, 1st Block (13y

EXCHANGE—First “class violin made in

1836 for a good mandolin or banjo. B8065 11 B.

FOR SALE—14 k gold plated fountain pen,
price reas ‘nable. B. 7812, 12 B (13)

FOR SALE—Wade and Butcher razor cheap
e g - B 8042, 7 B. (13)
FOR SAI E—Mandolin in good condition;
also mandolin instruction bock. All for $2 50
B 723211 B: (13)

" FOR SALE—Guitar in good condition; also
instruction book. Both for $2.00, B 7599 4th B.

FOR SALE—Hand nainted Easter and Birth-
day Cards 6 for 25 cts. B 725411 B, (14)
FOR SA'!' E—Easter cards nam’red in oil on
card board 10 cts : black satin '5 cts.: leather
15 cts ; v hite holly woed 25 cte.; Portraits, 16x
20 on canvas with gold frame $5 (0. B 7648—
7 G (14)

FOR SALE—Castelfedaro Tralian accordion al-
most new.

6 G.

Cost $'1 : will sell for $R. B 5983

(14)

