---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_061.jpg
---
_
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

NOL -V

U. S. TROOPS IN CLCGSE
PURSUIT OF VILLA

Aeroplanes Being Used By General

Pershing For Communications

From San Antonio, Tex., the latest inform--

ation is to the effect that Gen’l Pershing in a
delayed report to General Funston confirmed
previous iuformation that American troops were
moving southward from Cusihuirachic on the
trail through Satevo and that all the inform-
ation available at his headquarters indicated
that Villa, was traveling in the direction of
Parral.

General Pershing reported on the exact
positions of the advanced columns and what
those units are, but this information was with-
held:

One of his flying scouts had located Colonel
Brown’s columu ot Cusihuirachic on April 12th
General Pershing reported It was believed
here that by this time Colonel Brown, after
receipt of supplies at Cushiuirachic, had again
joined in the chase. His was the first column
to arrive so far south, but the exhaustion of
his supplies had forced him to halt there.

Aeroplanes are being used by General Per-
shing for communication with Consul Letcher
at Chihuahua, according to official reports to
General Funston yesterday. Two aeroplanes
from the front reached Chihuahua Tuesday with
dispatches, which it is expected will be sent
over the commercial wires to El Haso.

Delaware River Bridge Commission
to Begin Work Soon

At a meeting of the members of the Delaware
River Bridge and Tunnel Commissi. n last week
it was decided that the prel.minary surveysand
plans for the proposed bridge across the Dela-
ware ought to be made in the 1 ext six n.onths.

Colonel Giorge Pfeiffer said the commission
ought to learn what Philadelphia was doing for
the bridge project, and thought the Pennsylva-
nia city should share the expense of the prelim-
inary survey. The colonel was told that when
the standing committees were appointed cteps
would be taken to secure unity of action

Nonsupport Law Declared Uncounstitu-
tional by the Superior Court

The Supe:ior Court declared unconstitution-

al “‘the lazy husbaid act,”” which gives the
court power to send husbands who i1cfuse to
support their wives to jail, there to work on a
rock pile. -

The County Commlssxonerq and Taxpayer’s
Association dceclared chat if the law was up-

held the wife of every lazy man in the State
would [ lace him behind the bars for the cake
of the money. The opinion was given in an

appeal from a decision by Judge Bechtel.

"THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, April 12, 1916

U. S. SHIPS TO PATROL
SEAS AS PEACE POLICE

‘It may be necessary for peaceful Pow ers,
led by the United States, to police the world
when the waris over if commerce and civiliza-
tion are not to be reduced to chaos.” G.
Lowes Dickinson, author and political econo-
mist, expressed this opinion Saturday to Uni-
versity of Pernsylvania students in Logan Hall.

There is nothing in international law, Mr.
Dickinson said, to prevent war from degenrera-
ting into a series of reprisals in which neutral
trade might be swept from the <seas.

His plan for enforcing peace is similar to that
advanced by the league organized in this city
last June, with ex-President Taft at its head.
Mr. Dickiuson also delivered an address in
Houston Hall on ¢ After War, What?”’

AMERICAN SHIPS TO
OPERATE IN ORIENT TRADE

Ina dispatch from San Francisco it is learned
that seven American freighters, manned by
American crews and flying the flag of the re-
cently organized $10.000,000 Oriental Alliance
Steamship Company, are to be placed on the
trans-Pacific run between San Francisco and
the Orient, according to Peter D. Malloy,
president of the Company. The company will
later operate two boats between New York and
San Francisco through the Panama Canal. All
the boats will come from Atlantic waters.

The School of Engineering Extension
Conducted by the Central Board of
the Young Mea’s Christian Associa-
tion of Philadelphia in Co-operation
With the Pennsylvania State College

Offers to the inmates of this institution the
opportunity to study, with the aid of their

competent instructors any of their courses
provided by them as follows. Shop a i(hmetic,
Shop Sketching, Draughting, Mechanical En-

gineering, Electricity Concrete Engircering.
From the Principal ot the educa:ional schools
of this instituticn, Mr. Bon:all, may bLe had
full particulars upon applicaticn, and Mr.
Bonsall, requires all who take any one of the
above mentioned courses, put to forth an
earnest endeavor to master the task set before
him, to commence with a knowledge of the
English language is 1ecessary.
Communications addressed to the Principal
should be signed by the writer, giving his
registered number, his block and cell.

Printed by request

A long elevated line from League Island to
Tabor is advocated by W. F. Ballinger.

F dited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO: 15
BRIEF NEWS ITEMS

Bar silver and Mexican silver dollarsattaincd
their highest quotations since the beginning of
the European war. Silver bullion sold at 2934
cents an ounce and Mexican dollar at 44 1-8
cents.

We are plea.ed to acknowledge with thanks
the receipt of a number of Bulletins from the
Lep’t of Agriculture, on American song and
game birds. The subjects are well writtern and
interesting to lovers of bird life.

At San Francisco, the price of gasoline took
its fifth jump in five months when the Srandard
Oi! Company of California announced that,
beginuing Monday April 10th the price of the
product would be advanced one cent, cr to 19
cents a gallon.

In this city Tuesday gasoline was selling at
25 and 26 centsa gallon, retail, while some dis-
tributers were asking ashigh as 27 and 28 cevts.
At standard garages the lower price prevailid,
but in outlying sections the higher-rate was in
force.

One of the largest shoe rapairing concerns in
the city announced last Saturday an advance
of 25 cents over old prices on cobbling work.
Thus the public is beginn.ng to feel the
conditions affecting a ccarcity and ever-clin:b-
ing cost of leather.

Swars

The Chamber of Commerce recently
nounced that three more c.nventions has Leen
obtained for this city.

an-

The International Asscciation ¢f Manu-
facturing Photo Engravers will meet here in
June. Amoug others coming to this city in

1917 are the Beta Phi Sigma Society and the
Photographers Assoication of the Middle States.

The Baldwin Locomotive works has recei ed
orders as follows: One American tyje for the
Tuscarora Valley Railroad; one 2-6-2 t\ pe for
the Ashland, Odanah and Marengo Railway
Company; one 0-6-0 type for the LaBelle lron
Works; one 0-6-0 type for the Michigan Alkali
Company; onc 0-6-0 type for the Standaid Oil
Company; 29 2-10-2 type for the St. Louis and
San Francisco Railroad Company; ¢ne consol-
idation type for the Flagstaff Lun.ber Manu-
facturing Company, and two 10-wheeled type
for the Tennessee, Alabama and Geoigia Rai].
road Company.

'

A Catholic Mission for the Italian inmates
will be held at this institution cach afternccen
at 3 o’clock, during the entire week. It is ex-
pected that the mission will prove a great help
for those who attend to receive instruction.
