---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_062.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original mattér, adaptable to these columns
is desired. and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

To insure attention. all articles must be signed with the
writer's registered number.

T B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, April 12, 1916

'l

PRiSON PopuLATION—Males 1431. Females
924 Total 1455 Lst serial number B 8194.

JUST BEGIN AGAIN

It is well always to commend a good thing
when opportunity to do so presents itself, and
it is for that reason that we are please to pass
on to our readers the following extracts of an
article from one of our esteemed contemporaries,
which is as follows:

When a man is in distress he needs some-
thing substancial. He does not want charity —
that is, he does not need charity; for charity is
a crutch, and it teaches one to lean—to walk
unnaturally. What a man wants is real help,
and that spells w-o-r-k. When he is enabled
to get work he can help himself, and it cannot
be reasoned out in any other way, and at the
same time be practical. For it is true that
sympathy and charity and help very often get
sadly tangled, and when they do it, often
makes a bad mess of it all.

The writer has had some seasons in life that
were pretty ‘‘lean,”” but somehow ‘‘sympathy’’
always ‘‘got my goat’’ It makes one feel
ashamed of himself, so to speak, and I’ve al-
ways found that all REAL MEN feel the same
way about sympathy.

It sumetimes happens that a man wants to
sit down and hold a sympathy session, and
tell me all about his troubles, and when he does
s, I cannot well help feeling that he is a weak
member who is sadly in need of true courage to
fight out lifes’ battle. Butif he comesand asks
for work or advice, I’lldoall I can to find, and
to give it to him.

One should be clean spirited enough to rejoice
in another man’s prosperity, and it should be
most gratifying to help the feilow who really
needs help. But it is not a wise policy to get
“‘worked up’’ over the sympathy “dodge.”’

The better way is, thatif you are ‘‘up against
it,”” JUST BEGIN AGAIN. Start right in some-
where, if it’s at the humblest position you know
of. BEGIN AGAIN; and if possible to avoid, don’t
borrow, for that is but little better than beg-
ging, or ‘‘plain panhandling.”” A man in good
health can always find something to do. The
great trouble is that there is often to be found
those who refuse to begin again. They want
somebody to push them, or prefer to beg.

THE UMPIRE

Few men who have worked at a trade all
their lives ever find it difficult to get work; but
if called on to branch out in something new,
you will notice that they arealways willing to
do almost anything that may come along,
and that is the distinction that is worthy of
notice. ‘A loafer will be a loafer, in or out of
a job’’ and to such, but little help may be
extended at any time.

THE PRISON PROBLEM

The well known author and writer, H. Add-
ington Bruce, recently contributed a very in-
teresting article on “The Prison Problem’’ to a
well known contemporary, from which we
select the following extracts for perusal of our
readers:

‘“Varied as are the immediate causes which
lead men to commit acts bringing upon them
the penalty of a term in prison, their criminal-
ity is always the result of some wrong mode of
thinking.

““‘And if they are to be induced to abandon
their criminal ways, so that upon their release
from prison they can be trusted to lead non-
criminal lives, thiscan be effected only by
subjecting them, while in prison, to influences
which shallco: rect their wrong mode of thinking.

“Their prison life that is to say, must be
educational. To be truly educational it must
in the first place involve a real effort to get at
the mental processes of each individual prison-
er, and ascertain just why he thinks wrongly
and acts criminally.

‘A preliminary effort of this sort is the
more necessary since recent scientific research
has made it certain that, while most criminals
are wholly the product of improper training,
some are so constituted physically that good
training will not of itself reform them.

‘‘A certain proportion, indeed, have a de-
fective brain organization. Their deficiency
in this respect may be so extreme as to render
lifelong custodial care imperative.

‘‘Others are handicaped by minor physica;
defects such as defects of nutrition, circulation,
dental troubles and eye troubles. These, by
causirg brain weakness and nervous strain, in-
terfere with their ability to think normally.

“Consequently a through medical and phy-
chological eximination is indespensable to as.
certain the presence of any exceptional con-
ditions calling tor correction by other than
purely educational means.

‘‘Also an examination of this sort is of value
as a weeding-out process to ascertain what
prisoners should be segregated for custodial,
rather than educational treatment. The hope-
lessly defective criminal must not be left to
hamper the reformation of the great majority,
who need only be trained in healthy habits of
thought.

‘“The prison problem, let me repeat, is es-
sentially a mental problem. The modern
prison should be above everything else an
educational institution.’’

When considering “sticking’’ qualities, a
bad habit holds the record

-

—

WAITING

Serene, I fold my hands and wait,
Nor care for wind, or tide, or sea;

I rave no more ’gainst time or fate,
For lo! My own shall come to me.

I stay my haste, I make delays.
For what avails this eager pace?
I stand amid the eternal ways,
And what is mine shall know my face.

Asleep, awake, by night or day,
The friends I seek are seeking me;

No wind can drive my bark astray,
Nor change the tides of destiney.

What matter if I stand alone?
I wait with joy the coming years;
My heart shall reap where it has sown,
And garner up its fruit of tears.

The water knows their own and draw
The brook that springs in yonder height,
So flows the good with equal law
Unto the soul of pure delight.

The stars come nightly to the skys;
The tidal wave unto the sea;
Nor time, nor space, nor deep, nor high,
‘Can keep my own away from me.
—John Burroughs.

GET WISE!

If things keep on as they have been going
for the past few years, it will be much easier
for an American citizen to go to jail and stay
there than it will be to keep out of jail. Every
now and then some individual or some clique
bobs up with a brand new plan for turning
some of us into criminals. The number of new
ways for getting a man into jail is surprising.

Wisconsin has its ‘‘eugenics,”” which makes
it a felony for a couple to marry without under-
going a physical examination. The Illinois
legislature, at its present session, will gravely
consider the passage of a similar criminal stat-
ute. Other states are being asked to pass laws
making it a felony for a citizen to have liquor
in his home, even for medicinal purposes. One
state has a law against dancing the tango. The
state of Indiana’s anti-cigarette law has never
been repealed, and the state has as a result,
several hundred thousand perfectly good citi-
zens who could be arrested and sent to jail
any day.

The question is never asked whether the sup-
posed offenses against the community are as
bad as the penalties inflicted. There seems to
be in the air a mania to find new ways of im-
prisoning American citizens, and yet, is there
anything that can be as bad for the indi: idual
or the nation as a man in jail who can possibly
be kept out?

—OQur View Point.

Every good resolution lLept, is a step to free-
dom. You don’t chain yourself up; you free
yourself by chaining up that other that has
hitherto bound you. Every tin e you think of
your resolution, attach the great word freedom
to it.— The Note Book.
