---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_063.jpg
---
JUST MERE MENTION

John Muir, the noted American naturalist,
is a Scotchman by birth. He is an ardnet ad-
vocate of national parks. The Muir Glacier, in
Alaska, is named after him to commemorate
his discovery of it.

8

Doctor John H. Finley, Commissioner of
Education for the State of New York, is a
great believer in the royalty of labor; he says
we ougnt to have a new dictionary and new
poets to glorify thc motorman and the district
nurse.

S

Since the death of Vice President Sherman
many stories have been told to illustrate his
unfailing good humor and his democratic, un-
assuming tastes.

Late one night, when he was stopping at one
of the big hotelsin Washington , he telephoned
down to the clerk’s desk for ice water. He
waited sometime; but there was no response.
He called again with the same result. At last
he grew impatient, took an empty pitcher, and,
dressed in his pajamas, went downstairs for
the water.

After that the hotel service was excellent.

S

Senator Boies Penrose of Pennsylvania is a
confirmed bachelor, and one reason for his
lack of interest in matrimony is his complete
absorption in politics. Once a close friend ad-
vised him to marry.

“Do you think it would help the organization
in Pennsylvania?’’ asked Penrose solemnly.

“Of course it would. It would make you
happier and more contented, and you woulddo
more brilliant work.”’

““Then I’ll do it,”’ agreed Penrose. IR
make any sacrifice for the good of the party.”
““Good!”’ said the friend enthusiastically.?

‘“‘But hold on,” added the Senator. “The
committee will have to select the woman. I’ll
marry anybody who meets the approval of the
State committee.’’

2*

When Ear! Godwin was traveling through
West Virginia, during the last presidential
campaign, for the purpose of writing articles
on political conditions in that State, he drop-
ped off at a promising town and went to call
on the postmaster. Soon after the conversa-
tion began a big man rushed in and shouted:

‘‘Bill Jones wants five dollars for his vote!”’

“That’s an outrage!’’ yelled the postmaster.
“We never paid him more than three dollars
before in all our lives. However, compromise
with him for four dollars.”’

““Doen’t the opposition ever send detectives
here to get onto the way you fellows buy
votes? ’ asked the amazed Godwin.

‘““Yes,”” said the official. *“They sent six de-
tectives down here last election day.

‘‘What did they do?’’ inquired Godwin.

““Oh, "’ said the postmaster in a bored man-

THE UMPIRE
SCIENTIFIC AND OTHERWISE

When silk worms begins to produce silk they
spin at the rate of six inches a minute. Each
catepillar produces from 500 to 1,000 yards of
continuous thread. A pound of silk represents
the work of about 3,000 caterpillars.

S

A large elephant, carrying tusks weighing
nearly 200 pounds, choked to death on frogs re-
cently in one of the provinces of Sudan, while
drinking at a pool. The batrachians were
sucked into the elephant’s trunk with such
force that they lodged in the wind pipe and
shut off the air.

5

Most varieties of fish have no eyelids at all,
a shiny membrane ora thick transparent skin
covering them and protecting them from injury.
Their eyes are constantly in use except when
they are asleep. A vaiiety known as the
puffer, or swellfish, which burrows in the sand
at the bottom has eyelids which cover the eye-
ball when closed, the lower lid being larger
than the upper.

&

It is reported that a meteor several feet in
diameter fell recently on a farm near Stetson-
ville, Wis. The huge stone illuminated the
country for some distance and when it landed
the shock broke windows in several houses in
the vicinity. A brilliant meteor was also seen
in the Ohio valley a few days ago. It exploded
so violently as to startle people living in south-
ern Ohio, Indiana, and part of Kentucky.

KEEP A-GOIN™

If you strike a thorn or rose,
Keep a- goin’!

If it hails or if it snows,
Keep a-goin’!

’Tain’t no use to sit and whine

When the fish ain’t on your line;

Bait your hook and keep on tryin'—
Keep a-goin’!

When the weather kills your crop,
Keep a-goin’!

When you tumble from the top,
Keep a-goin’!

S’pose you’re out of every dime?

Gettin’ broke ain’t any crime!

Tell the world you're feelin’ fine——
Keep a-goin’!

When it looks like all is up,
Keep a-goin’!
Drain the sweetness from the cup,
Keep a goin'!
See the wild birds on the wing!
Heur the bells that sweetly ring!
When vou feel like singin'—sing——
Keep a-goin’! — Selected

Grief knits two hearts in closer bonds than
happiness ever can; and common sufferings

ner “‘they got arrested for carrying consealed are far stronger links than common joys.

weapons ’

—Lamartine.

, , IN LIGHTER VEIN

“John,’’ asked Mary, ‘‘what is a synonym?"’
“‘Synonym,’’ said John, *‘‘is the word you
use when you can’t spell the other one ”’

&

“Do I understand,’’ said the irate parent,
“‘that there is some idiotic affair between you
and that impecunious young Dedbroke?,’

‘““‘Not very much, Papa,’’ replied his daugh-
ter sweetly, ‘‘only you.”’

S

“John,”’ she said, as he settled down for his
after-dinner smoke, ‘‘I've got a lot of things I
want to talk to you about——"'

““Good,’’ said her husband affably, ‘“‘I'm
glad to hear it. Usually you want to talk to
me about a lot of things you haven’t got.”’

A band had been formed at a Western Nor-
mal School, and, as is frequent in such cases,
there was not enough money at first for com-
plete uniforms. However the following notice
in the school paper created quite a sensation:

The Normal School band uniforms will con-
sist of a cap and coat at first, with the prob-
able addition of trousers at a later date.

&

Pat was hard at work in the Baldwin Loco-
motive Works when the foreman on his rounds
stopped and eyed him sternly.

“Did yez not receive a letther from me, sayin
yvez was foired?’’ he demanded.

““Oi received a letther,”” answered Pat calm-
ly. ““Th’ insoid says Oi was foired, but th’
outside says ‘Return in 5 days to Baldwins’s’,
so Oi’m back.”’

o

“Now,’’ said the professor in the medical
college, “'if a person in good health, but who
imagined himself sick, should send for you,
what would you do?”’

““[,”” said a student, ‘“‘would give him come-
thing to make him sick, and then administer
an antidote.”

“Don’t waste any more time here, young
man,’’ said the teacher, ‘‘but begin practice
at once.”’

S

The teacher wanted some plums in order to
give an object lesson during school hours, and,
calling one of the small boys, she gave him ten
cents and dispatched him to a fruit stand down
on the corner.

“‘Before you buy the plums, Willie,”” she
cautioned, “you had better pinch one or two
to make sure they are ripe.”’

Little Willie flitted away. Soon he came back
and smilingly put the bag on the teacher’s
desk.

““Oh, thank you, Willie,”” said the teacher,
taking up the bag. ‘‘Did you pinch one or two
as I told you to do?”’

“Did I?’’ was the gleeful response. ‘I pinch-
ed tha whole bagful and here’s your ten
cents.’’
