---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_064.jpg
---
ECHOS OF BASEBALL

With a Judge on first base the Senators
ought to get the best of the decisions this
year.

“Tinker,”” says an exchange, ‘‘is giving his
team a terrific shaking up.”” The Phillies have
already done that.

There seems to be quite a bit of rivalry stir-
red up already as all four teams are predicting
- they will ‘‘bring home the bacon.”

Hal Chase has been signed by the Cincinnat-
ti Reds, he should be of great help to them as
he is still a valuable ballplayer.

Eddie Rousch the Federal Leaguer, has made
a big hit with the Giants, for he has plodded
along quietly and made good with a vengance.

The baseball season opens today, ‘‘Peter
Stevens’’ intends to bring home the scalp of
the Cubs, and the Shed expects to bowl over
the Printers.

Connie Mack says he has sold his last ball
player, which comes pretty near being literally
true, barring Stuffy McInnes and one or two

. outfielders.

Tommy Leach has an 18-year-old son who is
said to be a much better ball player than his
dad was, at that age. Maybe so; but he'll be
some Leach if he sticks as long as the old man
did.

Ty Cobb on a recent visit to Cincinnatti lost
a diamond in the dressing room of a Pullman.
The stone was valued at $600. The young son
of a section foreman found the jewel and was
suitably rewarded.

Hughey Jennings, the famous manager of
the Detroit team, is a sick man—seriously sick.,
Last week he scraped his leg teaching recuits
how to slide, and neglected to have the injury
treated properly. As a result the wound be-
came infected.

Mike Doolan, who is picked to fill the job of
shortstopping for the Chicago Cubs, is not only
said to hive shown a most uncertain arm, but
he is fat and slow and Phillies who knew him
in his prime were shocked at his decline from
the Doolan they kinew several years ago when
he appeared in the Phillies-Cubs series.

Morrisétte, one of Connie Mack's promising
pitchers, has everything necessary but the dis-
position.. Morrisette is 1ot a trouble-maker,
nor is he a rowdy. lleis a splendid youngster,
who takes care of himself, but does not take
the game seriously enough. Mack believes
that Morrisette will learn that baseball is a
serious business and will develop into a star.

The Editor would be pleased to hear from
some one capable of reporting ball games.

THE UMPIRE
HONOR CLUB NOTES

Without doubt the most interesting as well
as amusing entertainment given this season by
the Honor and Friendship Club was held on
Saturday afternoon last. The hall, just recently
cleaned and whitewashed, trimmed with flags
looked spick and span. B 6650, the first num-

ber on the programme, being indisposed was

unable to perform his gymnastic act, but he
however rendered a solo on his one string in-
strument followed by B 7591 with vocal solos,
both being applauded to the echo. The comedy
sketch ‘A Quarrelsome Couple’” by B 7717
and B 7462 made the usual hit with the audi-
ence; B 7717 certainly seems to have captivated
the boys with his impersonation of a female.
B 7251, piano soloist, was again called upon
and received much applause for the way in
which he handled that instument. The sketch
““The Haunted House’’ B 7195 and B 7478
called forth the usual laughter and applause in
this act B 7195 must be seen to be appreciated.
The act of The Musical Specialty Co., livened
up the crowd and caused much merriment.
The H. F. C. Quartette were on and rendered
several vocal selections which were well received
and appreciated, yet there seemed to be a note
of joyful sadness about it, as this will be the
last time they will appear together B 6933
(Locke) going out this week, all hands joined
them in singing the chorus of their last song
““Good Bye Boys’’. Whitey, B 7766, again
gave his character sketch ‘“The Fakir, Showman
and Auctioneer. What did more than any
thing else to make the entertainment interest-
ing, was the arrival of Mr. Frank Dipple of the
Brotherhcod Mission, this city, and the entire
choir of the Christian Endeavor Society of Trin-
ity Episcopal Church, numbering s. me 30 or 40
persons; they did not all remain spectators but
took part in the entertainment. Miss Little
and Mr. A. Buckley sang a duet, after which
the entire choir sang two selections receiving
much applause, then «gain followed a duet by
Miss Bessie Birtwistle and Mr. A. Buckley.
Mr. Dipple then made a brief but touching
address, followed by a prayer, in which he said
“If any of you have no other friends, cone to
me, and I will be a fri nd to you.”” On motion
of our President Reuben C. McKenty, and se.
conded by our Vice-president B 6447. Mr.
Dipple was unanimously elected an honorary
memberof our clubaid presented with a button.
Much praise is due the H. F. C. orchestra and
B 6252 who presided at the piano for the way
they acquitted themselves :
Members are all warned against the misuse of
tickets. No ticket will be accepted at the door
except the one issued for the entertainment to
be held on the sam= date  that ticket is issued.
Any member violating this rule will be severely
disciplined. A 843, B 7319.
Representative Delegates
NOTICE

The,. President. of ithe AE\S & W R siball
Leajue is desirous of hearing from inmates who
are qualified to fill the positions of Umpire and

Scorekeeper duriig the season of 19:6. Ad-
dress all communications to B 7819 5:h G.

THE UMPIRE AD COLUMN

Notice for publication must come through your overseer
Inmates who fail to notify the Umpire office when adver-
tised goods are sold will be denied future use of Ad column,

FOR SALE— Clothes brushes, hair brushes
and shoe brushes with inlaid backs; 35cts. to
$150. B138l1, 7 B. )

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3 B.

FOR SALE— Fancy German silver rings also
tooth picksand pins at reasonable prices. Work
guaranteed. B 6254, B 7722,7G. (5)

FOR SALE—Fancy hand painted post cards
done in oil and water color, 6 for 5c. Photo
enlargements in crayon. B 6829. 8 B. (6)

2c each. Gillette blades 3c. B 5400, 12 B. (9)
- FOR SALE—E flat piccolo, J. W. Pepper
make, in good condition: also instruction book
with finger chart. 2 books, one with 43 and

the other €2 pieces for piccolo. All for only
$3:50; Bi7016, 5B (9)

" FOR SALE—Easter bead Collars & Chains,
Ladies latest style, prices reasonable. B 5496,
12 B 2nd G. (9)
~ FOR SALE—1 single dartboard $3. 1 double
dartboard $3.50, copper wire and well finished,
B7ass, BB ol o g8

FOR SALE—American Conservatory man-
dolin: new. Sacrifice.$7.90. Going home soon.

B 6881, 6 G. N (11)

FOR SALE—Complete set of carpenter’s
tools for inlaid work, almost new, price $10)

B6994,6B. = X (1)

FOR SALE—Eleven string Weyman man-
@Iin, good tene, true ﬁ_nggri_ng. B 6056 10B (9
FOR SALE—Cornet Tromb, Violin and man-
dolin. all in good condition, also instruction

books. B 7059, B.4 Q)

FOR .SALE—Three fine singing canaries now

breeding, also breeding cages. B7040, 4G, (12)

FOR SALE—Violin first class condﬁion,
worth$25 00 sacrifice for $4 00
B 7892—3 B. orres (2
FOR SALE—Pair of canaries, $4. B 8022
7B (2

FOR SALE—14 k. gold plated fountain pen,
price reas.nable.

(13)
FOR SAck—Mandohn 1 good condition;
also mandolin instruction book. All for $2.50
i ol R st S e T

- FOR SALE—Guitar in good condition; also
instruction book. Both for $2.00, B 7599 4th B.

FOR SALE—Hand painted Easter ana Birth-
day Cards. 6 for 25 cts. B 7256+—11 B. (14,
FOR SALLE—Easter cards painted in oil on
card board 10 cts : black satin 5 cts.; leather
15 cts ; white holly woou 25 cts.; Portraits, 16x
20 on canvas with gold frame $5.00. B 7648—
IGS ; ek e pan) R s R
FOR SALE—S80 Passe paitout pictures, 3 pic-
tures 17x11, small table, 3 curtains $2.50: also
6 large College Pennants to buyer. Going out
soet. =Bt 156 B A e U YALE
FOR SALE—A new Victro'a talking machine
your last chance, for $15. B7525, 6 G.
FOR SALE—Pair of birds mated. Will sell
cheap. B 5515 7 B 5
FOR S*LE—Brass bird cage with wire screen.
Good as new  Will sell for $1. B 7633, 8th B.

This will be the last week for the ‘‘ad’’ col-
umn until the baseball season is over.
