---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_065.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

.| THE UMPIRE

F dited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Phi lade]phld, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, April 19, 1916

NO. 16

CLOSE CALL FOR GENERAL
PERSHING’S ESCORT

Failure of Attack on U. S. Commander
Due to Delay of Outlaws

According to a report from General Persh-
ing’s Headquaters camp in Mexico, a band of
outiaws, some mounted, some on foot concealed
in the dense growth of mesquite by the road-
sides, opened fire on the flying autcmobile
squadron constituting General Pershing’s es-
cort, and then attacked the truck train bring-
ing up therear of the column.

‘T'he officers ordered the 1ear trucks to form a
hollow square and, lying flat in the sand, the
troops of a white regiment poured lead into
the mesquite, firing at the flashes made by
the attacker’'s rifles. The firing lasted 30
minutes. - The banaits shot low, seuding many
bullets under the trucks, kicking up dust or
flattening against the iron wheels

Harry Gosnear of the autotruck train, a resi-
dent of Philadelphia, got a bullet through bis
hat but, there were no casualtics. The dark-
ness prevented our troops pursuing or determ-
ining what the Mexican casualties were.

General Pershing had passed the scene of
attack scarcely half an hour when the attack
occured, thus escaping what seems to bhave
been a planned ambush. It was about 9
o’clock in a half moonlight when the first shots
passed between the windshield and seat of the
first car.

Captain T. - E. Dood, of Aurora, Ill., had
charge of the truck train, and with Lieutenant
A. R. Christie, of East Orange, N. J , directed
the counter-attack.

The scene of the attack is
from the New Mexico border, and within a
short distance from Carranza’s troops U. S.
officers consider the encounter significant.

ANOTHER RELIC OF THE
PAST ABOLISHED

nearly 600 niles

The prisoners’ dock which has been in use
for years in the Quarter Sessions Court, in the
trials of crimiral cases, has been removed by
order of Judge Bregy. Hereafter defendants
will sit witn their counsel, guarded by two
court officers. The removal was caused by the
opinion that the use of the Jock was ot fair
to the defendants.

For several vears there has been a g owing
realization that the dock prejudiced the cases
‘of the priscners. More than ycar ago a
lawyer obtained a decision from the Supreme
Court upholding a contention that a priscner
was entitled to sit beside counsel during the
trail of his case.

A

BRIEF NEWS NOTES

From Boston itis reported that the Amer-
ican Woolen Co , has added a 10 per cent in-
crease in the wages of its 25,000 employes
which means not merely the biggest thing that
has happened in many years to the advantage
of the working people of New England, but
forecasts more extended wage increa:es. The
stockholders in American Woolen recently re-
ceived their share of the enormous wealth that
has poured into the country as a result of the
war.

Twenty-two churches will be represented in
an antisaloon parade,
No. 125 West Lehigh avenue to night. The
parade is intended to be a demonstration
against the increasing number of saloons in the
Kensington district. A number of transparen-
cies will be carried to demon%rate the growth
of the saloons in the territory.

which will start. from

From late reports of the State Highway
Department’s automobile division at Harris-
burg it is learned that the receipts passed
the $1,500,000 mark in the revenue from
automobile licenses for 1916.

On Friday last, Governor Brumbaugh aid
Lieucenant Governor Frank B. McClain cele-
brated their birthday anniversaries. The Gover-
nor being 54 years old, while the Lieutenant
Governor is two years his junior.

SUNDAYS CATHOLIC SERVICES

Palm Sunday was fittingly observed with
Catholic services at the Chapel of thisinstitu-
tion on Sunday last. The Rev. Father
Michael A. O’Kane S. J celebrating the Mass

The mu=ic and singing was most appro-
priate for the occassion, the violin solo being
especially good.

Increasii g interest
fesed by the large number of inmates present,
the Chapel being  taxced to its full capacity.
The ability and genial personality of Father
O’Karnc proven a strong factor in the
groth and popularity of the Catholic services

in the service was mani-

has

here.

More Than 18,000,000 Catholics In
The United States

According to the advance sheets of the 1916
edition of the Officia! Catholic l.irectory, there
are 16,764,109 Catholics in 101 dicceses of the
Unitcd States; 62 dioceses reporting substantial
increases for the year of 1915.

The compiler, Joseph H. Meier, who has been
studying statistics for ten years past, estimates
an additional 1,655,410 Catholics as represent-
ing the floating population of the country, and
which should be added to the above reports.

MUSIC AND PARADE GPENS
BASEBALL SEASON OF 1916

Enthusiastic Parade of the E. S. P.
League Clubs and Band—This Season
Expected to Prove Banner Year for
the League

The 1916 baseball season was officialiy opened
here last Wednesday—thenceforth to be per-
sued without let or hinde dace until next Sep-
tember. -

The League officials, manager’s, player’s
umpires down to the ball chasers, were released
from their cells early, they then proceeded to
the Storehouse, where they formed in line, be-
hind our famous E. S P. band, headed by
Prcf. Weigandt. Before the parade started.
a committee representing the Sperting Cocds
Department of Snellenbeig and Co, made the
presentation of a lLoving Silver Cnp arnd a hand-
some pennant to B 5881 Manager of the cham-
pion Ninth Block team of last scason, after a
word of thanks, the band and the teams follow-
ing in the order they finished in the race last
season, marched around the entire institution;
the Ninth and Cubs dropped out «f line at
the Storehouse grounds and the Printers and
Shed marched to the Garage ground, after the
teams indulged in a short practice the Umpire’s
called play and the season’s race was opecned
with a victory for the Ninth over the Cubs,
while the Printcrs defeated the Shed in their
initial combat.

Without a doubt the openirg
will be a success. The that
belief, and ever the more conservative fans, or
number of them, are

ceason ncw

manager’s share

at least a considerable
inclined to be decidedly optimistic over the ¢ ut-
There has been strengthening moves
galore. Beginn ng with the Sked, they aie
much stroi ger than last year and with the
addition of another dependable twiiler tley
will be a hard team to beat. The Prirters
have sirengthened in all departments, they
have a strong staff of pirchers, also a geed
hitting tcam and it will be ha d to keep them
from the top. The Cubs with the loss of
yaller, the “Iron man’’ of the league, will
however be very much in evidence with vet-
eran players and Boyd and Moon deing
mound duty  The Ninth with the loss of such
stars as Freddy and Locke, also the services of
Leftv in the near future will not be as strong
as last season champs, although “Peter
Stevens’' the hustling marager has a bunch of
finds built up around his last years team and
is again predicting he will win the pennant. -
With last years weak teams strengthened

look.

(Continued on fourth page)
