---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_066.jpg
---
2

—

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its

readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to’
delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, April 19, 1916

PrisoN PopuLATION—Males 1427. Females

24. Total 1451 Last serial number B 8207.

BE WILLING TO TRY

Comparatively few of us know how much we
can accomplish until we try. How often I have
heard the expression: ‘‘Oh, itisn’t in me to
do that sort of a thing, and it’s no use trying.”
This expression is often said, when the idea of
of taking up some new line of work has been
suggested to you by some of your friends or
acquaintances. It is right then that a great
mi<t ke is made for you invite failure by
thinking it before an effort is made to tackle
the task.

How would you like some of your acquain-
tances to say of you, “It’s no use asking him to
take up that work; he hasn’t got the snap in
him?’’ Now as a fact, what does that fellow
really know aboutyou? Nothing. He has just
made a hazardous guess at best, and knows
nothing of your capacity. Furthermore, you
don’t know what you really can do until
you have made the effort. Nor does any
main know his capacity until he tries.

It’s just the power to to try out something

he never did before that marks off man from
the animal. It’s just the trying that develops
the power. ‘‘The law of nature is that they
who do the thing shall have the power.
‘“No man caa antedate his experience, or guess
what faculty or feeling a new object shall un-
lock, any more than he can draw today the
face of a person whom he shall see tomorrow
for the first time.”’

“Fear of making a mistake, fear of failing
fear of looking silly—it is these fears that hold
us back, keep us within the same narrow lines
of life. We ought to make a move every day,
opening up new and better waysof action, new
mental fields, new spiritual chambers hidden
within. NO one ever comes to the end of pos-
sibilities in any part of his being, in any of his
faculties.”’

Being always willing to try,we must make
ourselves equaly willing to fail and fail at first,
indifferent to failure and to ridicule. Then add
faith in ourselves and we make success certain.

It is ever true that he who does nothing for
others does nothing for himself.

THE UMPIRE

PRISONERS AND SHERIFF CONVERTED

From various sources we learn that there has

been a number of extensive. religious revivals
conducted in various parts of the country, and
from Springfield, Ill., comes the information
that splendid work has been accomplished
there. The meetings were of special interest to
all in attendance.

A striking figure among the large number of
converts was Sheriff John A. Wheeler. A num-
ber of his deputies and several of the officers of
the jail were also converted. The sheriff had
permitted the inmates of the jail to attend the
services, special deputies being sworn in to ac-
company them. Numbers of these prisoners
were converted, seven of them being baptized
in one of the churches before entering upon
their penitentiary sentences. The sheriff him-
self came boldly to the front one evening and
announced his determination to turn to Christ
after twenty-five years of unbelief. His first
official act after his conversion was to issue a
statement that gambling, big and small must
cease, and that no favoritism would be shown.
His second official statement was to the effect
that all men found in immoral houses would be
prosecuted under the criminal laws, and their
names published. His conversion cireated a
profound sensation. The conversion of a sheriff
which results in a practical reform in enforcing
all laws without halt or fear or favor is -a sig-
nificant fact. Sheriffs of couties as a general
rule are men of intelligence and courage,
many of whom enforce the law asa sworn duty.
There are others who are moral cowards, who
shiver in the presence of rich malefactors, es-
pecially if they represent the liquor interests.

REVISED JUDGEMENT
By Roy Temple House

When I was somewhat younger I opined
(‘Twas what they always taught me as a lad)
The two great classes of our mankind
Were these: good men and bad

I’ve touched men in a thousand ways since
then,
Sometimes as creditor, sometimes as debtor;
And I have found the two great types of men

To be: good men and better.

With a splendid record of over forty years
devoted service to his parish at Clarion,Pa.,
there passed away last week, the Rev. Father
H. A. Deckenbrock, who was most favorably
known throughout the western part of thisstate
as a gifted and scholarly priest, and as a man
much loved for this fullness of heart and kindly
thought for those is sorrow or affliction.

To but few in this life is it decreed to win
the high esteem and love in which Father
Deckenbrock was held by all who knew him;
and with his taking away the Church lo ses
one of her most influential and valued s ns

Father Deckenbrock was born i Everswinkel,
Westphalia, Germany, May 5th 1848, where
he grew to manhood and was ordained as priest,
coming to the United States shortly thereafter,

and was stationed at Erie, and later at Mead-
ville, Pa.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession on Saturday mornings.

Episcopal services held at the Chapel on the
third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services held on Saturday's at the
Band Room.

General Services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

THE TASK

By John Kendrick Bangs

The deed that I would do
Involves no valor of the sword,
That in one moment mad of rue
Should earn for me some rich reward,
And cause posterity to rear,
Where an admiring world might see,
To pierce the upper heavens clear,
A bronze or marble shaft to me;
But in some corner of some squalid way
Where misery shall lurk, to fight
To bring the sunshine of a joyous day
To dawn on souls oppressed by might;
To put unhappiness to flight,
And start
Some hopeless heart
Upon the road to hope; or where distress
Hath dwelt, by acts of tenderness
And words of courage, helpfulness, and cheer,
Drive out some mortal’s fear, '
And set hin. on his way to light

NULLIFYING GRAVITY

Therecent achievement of a physicist, who
succeeded in nullifying, apparently the law of
gravity, is by no means the only incident of
the kind recorded recently in the annals of
science. M. Bachelet, a French physicist dur-
ing a long residence in this county, experimen-
ted along similar lines and, some three or four
years ago, made public exhibition of some of
the results of hisinvestigations. He showed,
at that time, a small globe, three inches in di-
ameter, suspended in the air, without support,
and. to all appearances, subject to his control.
Both suspension and control, he explained,
were effecte | through high potential d scharges
for which he hd received his inspiration from
observing the particles of (Just in suspension in
the perfectly still atmosphere following in the
wake of desert dust storms. The oppsite of
this, he noted is obs:rved when a very fine
w iter spray is electrified. The droplets then
coa esce, forming large drops, and fall to the
ground with considerable force.

“A fool may be known by six things; Anger
without cause; speech, without profit; change
without progress; inquiry, without object; and
mistaking foes for friends.”’
