---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_067.jpg
---
SCIENTIFIC AND INSTRUCTIVE

One of the strangest animals known to zoo-
logists is the tenree, an insect eating animal
found only in the Island of Madegascar. It is
supposed to represent a very ancient type of
animal which is now almost extinct. Madegas-
car, once a part of the mainland of the African
continent, was separated therefrom at a very
remote period in the past. Asa result a fauna
peculiar to the island has been developed.

&

The death rate from wounds in the war is
less than one-half as great as it was a year ago,
Dr. Jacques Bertillion, medical statistician in
the French army, declares that by hardship
and exposure the men have become so tough-
ened that they can now stand twice as much
as they could last year. Then 45 out of every
1,000 wounded died, while now less than 20
succumb.

8

A big elm tree on Independence square in
Philadelphia, said to have been planted by
King Edward VII when he visited this country
as Prince of Wales in 1861, died some time ago
and was cut down recently. A number of
“small historical relics and the body of a cat,
accompanied by a carefully printed note re-
questing that the bones be undisturbed, were
found about the roots

S

The World’s Greatest Lens. The largest re-
flection mirror ever made is now nearing com-
pletion in Pittsburg. The lens wuighs two and
a quarter tons, the diameter is six feet, and the
focal length is thirty feet. The mirror is part
of a telescope which is to be erected on Saan-
ich Hill in British Columbia, the whole weight
being about 260 tons. The mirror will be ac-
curate to one two hundred and fifty thousand-
ths of an inch of a parabolic curve.

S

Tried In The Crucible. A clay has recently
been discovered in this country which is better
than any imported clays for crucibles and pots
used in glass-making. The United States
Bureau of Standards has just complcted a serics

of tests by which the proper mixtures of differ-
ent uses were determined. Glass manufacturers
of the Netherlands are now importing soda
from the United States instead of from Great
Britain. American manufacturers recently
shipped a large amount of furniture to South
Africa, and America is once more exporting
cheese, butter and condensed milk, both to the
European market and to South America, Aus-
tralia and the East and West Indies.

“BREAKING IN” PIPES

While it is true that a pipe smoker works up
an affection for a pipe which he made use of
for a long time, it is likewise true that he would
discard the old one sooner if it were not for the
somewhat objectionable operation of ‘‘breaking
in’’ a new one. It requires many days of use
before the bowl of a new pipe has acquired a

THE UMPIRE

crust on the inner surface, which seems to be
essential for the full enjoyment of the smoke.
It is now proposed to sell the pipe already
“‘broken in;’’ this task being performed by an
electrical carbonizer which has just been pa-
tented. It consistsof a heating element intro-
duced into the bowl of the pipe and sealed in
such a manner that an intense heat is applied
to the inside of the bowl, after which itis ready
to be placed into the hands of the smoker and
put into active service by him at once.

BETHLEHM ——CALVARY

By C. de B. L Bright

Christmas!—or Easter-tide
Which love we most?

Holly and misletoe!
Frost-king-and ghost.

Traced in the icy drift
Seen 'mid the shadows

Under the woodland-tree
This season hajlows.

Reign thou, O joy and mirth
Banish all sadness.

Naught must we offer thee
But of our gladness.

Wreathe we Thy cross to-day,
Saviour, all-glorious;

Who, from the gloom and grave
Rises victorious.

Brighter than Bethlehem’s Star
Is the beam falling

Softly o’er Calvary’s height
This Easter morning.

Joyful we now can say,
In song and story,

Life is Thy gift to-day
Through Death to Glory.

Printed By Request

YOU WILL BE GLAD

When the years have skipped by and memory
runs back over the path you have trod, you
will be glad you stopped to speak to every in-
mate friend you met, and left them with a
warmer feeling in their hearts because you did
so you will be glad that you were happy when
doing small, every day things through prison
life, and that you served the you could in
prison life’s lowly round.

You will be glad that the Warden had said
all through your bit “‘I ktiow I can trust him;
He is going to make good.”” You will be glad
there have rainy days in your prison life. If
there were no storms the fountain would dry
up, the sky would be filled with poisonous
vapors, and prison life would cease.

You will be glad that you shut your ears
tight against evil things inmates said about one
another, and tried the best you could to stay
the words winged the poison. You will be glad
you brought smiles to the Overseers and no

SOTTOW.

You will be glad you have met all the hard
things which have come to you while here,
with a hearty handshake, never dodging out of
them, that you made gcod your parole and
now live out in the World a ‘“Man among
Men.—B 6861

JUST MERE MENTION

Senator Thomas, of Colorado, sums up his
life by saying that he has practiced law, stuck
to the Democratic party, kept out of the church,
and invested in mining operations.

He is a striking example, he says, of what a
man can accomplish by combining the legal
profession with mining. As rapidly as he had
made any money from his profession—and he
has had a large and prosperous practice —he
has invested it in mines, and thus kept himself
from growing rich and arrogant.

S

A Democratic member of Congress sauntercd
into a cloak-room with Mr. Uncle Joe Can-
non and remarked:

‘“‘Honestly, Mr. Cannon, sometimes I don’t
believe you're half as bad as you’re painted.
I’ve been reading mean things abcut ycu fer
years and enjoyed them all and agreed with
them, but I’'m willing to assume that perhaps
some of them were more or less exaggerated.’”’

The former speaker wrinkled up his face in
that funny smile of his and said:

‘‘As a matter of fact if people want to get
hold of a lot of mean, ordinary things about
me, [ myself could tell them things worse than
any that have yet been said.”’

5

Franklin Roosevelt, assistant Secietary of
the Navy, does not mind having people button-
hole him to inquire just what relation he is to
the Oyster Bay Roosevelts. He is free to ad-
mit that he is proud of the relationship and it
gives him great pleasure to explain his family
tree to the humblest citizen.

Franklin and Theodore are fifth cousins, or
thereabouts, and to add to the complications,
Franklin took out papers a few years ago and
married - T. R.’s niece. Soon after that he
ceased calling him Cousin Theodore and began
addressing him half-facetiously as Uncle Ted.
T. R. stood for it and they get along with per-
fect amity, though of different political faith,
one being a Democrat and the other a pro-
minent Bull Mooser.

S

When Oscar Underwood, Democratic member
of the Senate at Washington, was a very
young lawyer without experience of any sort,
he appeared in his first case in Birmingham,
Alabama, with Judge Bricknell, who had been
Chief Justice of the State Supreme Court, as
opposing counsel.

Bricknell, famous for his hammer-and-tongs
method of abusing and ridiculing ycung at-
torneys, put the youthful Underwood on the
grill and roastcd him to a rich, dark brown.
Un.erwocd took all the abuse, sarcasm, and
irony without a murmur, and at last his time
came Addressing the court, he called atten-
tion to a decision of the Supreme Court which
he proceeded to read.

“I think this decision issound,’” he said,
“and I ask a verdict for my client on the
strength of it. It was handed down by that
distinguished expounder of the law, Judge
Bricknell, when he was Chief Justice.”’

Underwood won.
