---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_068.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

—____—_————__—_—-————_—
—_—_—____——_—_

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE

W. L. Pct W. L, Pct.
Printers 2 0 1000 | Ninth 1 1 500
Cubs 1+ 1 500 Shed 0 2 600
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
Wa: Sl e Pct, ‘ W. L. Pect.
Boston 2 0 1000 | Pittsburg 2 3 400
Cincinnati 4 1 800 | NewVYork 1 2 333
Phila. 128 5} N 667 | Chicago 1 4 200
Stolouiss 13- 2 600 Brooklyn 0 2 000

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

WL #Pet Wi Lo Pet:
Boston 3 0 1000 Washington 1. 1 500
SESlouisTion L 750 New York 1 1 500
Chicago 3RO S 600 ~ Detroit 1 4 200
Cleveland 2 2 500 Athletics 0 3 000

Baseball Opening
(Continued from st page)

and the strong one’s weakened the fanscan
look for a much more exciting and interesting
race, as every team will have to be reckoned
with, it remains to be seen how they will finish
when the curtian drops.——B 7685

GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games
. Ninth—13 Cubs—5

True to the tradition, the Ninth made an
auspicious begining by lambasting their oppo-
nents the Cubs to the tune of 13 to 5. Lefty
true to form scoring the season’s first ‘‘home
run.”” Jordon also hit the ball for the circuit
in the fifth inning, with a long drive over the
fifth block roof.

The Ninth hit the delivery of Moon * freely
who lasted three innings, when he was replaced
by Boyd. The Ninth gathered 7 hits, while
4 walked, one hit by pitched ball, and 3 fanned,
Charlie did the honors for the Ninth, allowing
five hits, walked five, eight,
one hit by pitched ball.

A feature of the game, was the fielding of
Silly and Blink.

Score by innings as follows:

struck out and

R H E.
IR bl sy e S M s 209:-012-010—137 ' 1
Cillpeees s s S s [ RO o e e S 0]

Home Runs—Lefry and Jordon.
Two Base hits—8175—]ordon
Umpires—Mack and Andy

PRINTERS 8—SHED 3

The Printers opened the 1916 baseball season
by defeating the Shed by the score of 8§—3.

Slim doing mound duty for the Printers wus
in‘great form, allowing only 4 hits and striking
out 10 men.

Mac. was on the mound for the Shed and
also deser\ es credit for the fine game he pitched
against the heavy hitting Printers, allowing i0
hits and striking out 11 men, his poor support
at times were the cause of some runs the
Printers got.

.The whole Shed team deserves credit-for
the fine showing they made, and will be very
much in evidence before the season is over.

Score by innings follows:

RIS
Printers ... ..._....0205001—8 100
Shed ;=28 SERItie 0020100—3 4 2

Three base hit—Slick.
Two base hits—Slats 2; Fats2.
Umpire—Jack.

Friday’s Games

Printers 7—Shed 4

Costly errors, and several bad decisions by
the Umpire, enabled the Printers to win the
second straight game from the Shed.

The Shed, playing an up-hill game until the
sixth inning, when Mac started to issue free
passes, this combined with several hits and an
error, netted the Printers 4 runs and the game.

The Shed came right back and started to
pounce on the offerings of Ginger coupled
with two bases on balls, gave the Shed 3 runs,
it looked dangerous for the Printers, and the
old reliable Slim had to go in and finish the
game.

With the exception of one bad inning, the
feature’s of the game was the pitching of Mac,
and the sensational fielding of Fisher for the
Shed, while Slats deserves credit for his great
catching, and timely hitting in the past two
games.

Score by innings follows:

R
Printerst et s saneii 000114
10000 3
Two base hits —Smitty.
Struck out—by Ginger 6; Mac 7.
Base on balls—by Ginger 4; Mac 4.
Umpires Jack and Andy.

1-7 5 0
9—4 4 2

Cubs 4—Ninth 2

Despite the heroic efforts of the Ninth to
beat them, the Cubs managed to triumph over
the ninth in a hard fought and interestir g con-
test by the score of 4—2.

Chick and Jordan thrilled the fans bv their
sensational fielding in the inner garden, a grand
one-handed stop being credited to each. Bar-
ney’s catch off the wall drew loud applause
from the crowd. :

A batting rally in the fourth, at the expense
of Charley, which produced 3 runs was the
medium through which the Cubs scored their
victory. '

Boyd was on the firing line for the Cubs and
was effective throughout.

The players of both teams went about their
work with a spirit and dash tlat argues well
for their future work this season.

Score by innings follows:

RIGE T
OGubsem it Pl 0003100—4 9 0
INTITh s RSN, 0200000—2 3 0

Two ba<e hits— Carrol, Pet, Reds, Augie.
Struck out bv—Boud 7; Charley 3.

Base on balls by—Boyd 4; Charley 5.
Umrgires Mack and Hairy.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

On account of the ‘“Mission’” being held last
week for our Italian inmates, in the Chapel
building, the H. F. C. entertainment scheduled
for last Saturday afternoon had to be postponed.
Two more shows are to be given, Saturday the
22nd, and the last on the 29th of this month.
Another member of the H. F. C. Quartette will
be missing this week; B 7135 (Jonesy) leaves us
on Thursday. The H. F. C. extends to him a
fond good-by and their thanks and best wishes
for a bright and successful future. Members
are again cautioned about the misuse of tickets.
Only tickets issued on the 22nd will be good on
that date This week the 4th, 10th, 11th
Blocks and 5th Gallery go out, tickets will be dis-
tributed as usual at noon on Saturday next.
For the summer, members will have the privi-
lege of enjoying a baseball game each week in-
stead of a show. A regular H. F. C. nine has
been organized and equipped with all the nec-
essary adjuncts of a first class team and ar-
rangements have been perfected to have a nine
to be picked from the Blocks or Galleries that
go out on any certain date to play against the
regular team on that date None but members
of the H. F. C. will be allowed to participate
in these games on either side; this will enable
the H. F. C. batters and twirlers to display
their prowess in this great national sport. It
is to be expected that members will all c..nduct
themselves in an orderly and gentlemanly man-
ner, all demonstrations of enthusiasm and ap-
plause should be restricted to the clapping of
hands. There are promises of great things in
store for the boys, if they will but show their
appreciation by continued good conduct and
behavior. A 8452, B 7819.

Representative Delegates.

Bakers 9—Cooks 6

In a very exciting game, the Bakers took the -
Cooks into camp the final score heing 9—6.

llagy jlaved in the outer garden for the Ba-
kers. e robbed Jousey of a home run in the
fifth inning by catching a long drive to center
field. He was also credited with a home run.

Good clouting prevailed thruout the game, 8
doubles a triple and a home run being reccrded.

Bobby for the Bakers gave 6 hits, fanned 7,
and walked 8

The game went 10 innings. _

Umpire Mack. By 7861.
BOY’S KNOWLEDGE OF BIBLE

SECURES HIS LIBERTY

Judge MacNeille, who admitted that he was
ignorant of the biblical name of Onesimus when
a young negro said where it was to be found in
the Bib'e, gave the boy his freetcm in the
Juvenile Couri after he had re:«d the Scripture
where the name appea:ed. The boy, Onesimus
Roberts, ‘4 vears old, nromptly pointed to the
Epistle of Paul to Philemon when the Judge
said there was no su h name as Onesimus.

The Judge placed the bey on probation after
he explained that he read the Epistleand found
it wis a letter written by Paul pleading to
Philemon that O esimus be forgiven, although
he had misbehaved. He said he would follow
the Scriptures and give the boy another chance.
