---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_069.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

| THE UMPIRE

Edlted and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, April 26, 1916

NO. 17

CATHOLIC EASTER SERVICE

Once more the glorious light of an Easter
morning opened the day for Catholic mass
with all its attendant splendor and solemnity.
Never before hasthis beautiful service been
celebrated at this institution with the degree
of excellence that distinguished that ceremony
on Sunday last.

On entering the Chapel attention wasim-
mediately attracted to thealtar with its ornate
candelabra and banks of lilies, roses and car-
‘nations in profuse array, such as would delight
the eye and heart of the spiritually minded.
Peter’s mass in D. was sung with splendid
effect by members of St- Edmunds Catholic
choir and other visiting talent, who gen-
erously offered their services to aid the in-
mate choir, and perfect the singing. The
excellent training of the choir was due to the
masterful efforts of Prof. Joseph Welsh, who
was unspairing in his determination to attain
perfect unison and harmony in the singing
and orchestral effects.

The mass was sung by the Rev. Father
Michael A.O’Kane, S. J , the Rev. Father Jos.
L. Healy, S. J., assisting in the service, with
acolytes, all in full vestments.

Following the communion, Father O Kane,
who was at his best, in spite of the incessant
labors of Holy week, preached an excellent
sermon, which strongly appealed to all pres-
ent. :

Besides the male members of St. Edmund’s
church choir the singing was madc perfect by
the voices of Mrs. Katharine C. Slack, Mrs.
Vollker, Mrs. Mary Walker, Mrs. White, Miss
Mae Killion, Miss Eleanor Welsh, Miss Sarah
Skinner and Miss Anna Strian.

At the close of the service, Father O’Kane
expressed his appreciation and thanks to the
visiting talent, the orchestra and inmate choir,
for their fine singing and musical perfection.

All previous records for attendance at Mass
was passed on this occasion, there being present
over seven hundred and forty inmates besides
a number of the American. Society for Visit-
ing Catholic Prisoners.

“The unusual fine floral decorations for the
altar was due to the liberal contributions of
Catholic Lady friends, the Century Flower
Shop, and to a number of inmates who gen-
erously offered the flowers sent by their friends
to add to the decorations.

EASTER SONG SERVICE

In keeping with the Easter spirit, the com-
bined choirs and E. S. P. orchestra gave a fine
““Song service’’ ou the Center on Sunday after-
noon last. Prof. A.F. Wiegandt'sarrangement
of this program was of the best music and sac-

red song, which was effectually rendered by the
men under his direction. Of special interest
was the singing of B 7962 who sang The Palms
in a good voice of much natural sweetness.

Prof. Wiegandt is to be congratulated on the
fine results of his training of the inmate mem-
bers of both choir and orchestra.

At the conclusion of the service Chaplain
Joseph Welch addressed the men on the subject
of ‘*‘Today and Tomororw,’’ which was both
interestingandinstructive. Following Chaplain
Welch, Warden Mc Kenty made a few brief
and cheering remarks to the men, which was
greeted with applause.

EASTER MONDAY'S E. S. P.
BAND CONCERT

The E. S. P. band was at its best on Easter
Monday afternoon in giving a well selected pro-
gram of music on the Center. Prof. A. F. Wie-
gandt seems tireless in his efforts to bring the
band up to the highest standard. It is to be
noted that the members of the organization are
as earnest in their efforts to improve the quality
of their music as possible, which speaks well for
the beneficial results of training under Prof.
Wiegandt. There was a large number of visi-
tors present at the concert, all of whom expressed
their pleasure with the selections and tonal
quality of the music. No less pleased was
Warden McKenty, whose smile was ample evi-
dence of his approbation.

A CHANGE IN MANAGERS

At a special meeting of the E. S. P. Base-
ball Commission, the resignation of B 7774
manager of the Shed was tendered and accepted
" and upon his recommendation, B 7560, Smithy
was unanimously elected to fill the vacancy.
The Commission also unanimously agreed upon
the following:

Regardless of the number of innings or part
thereof played durirg any game, the team
having the most runs when the whistle is blown
is the winning team.

If rain or any other
shali in any way interfere with the progress of
a game and the gameis called by the umpire
during the period betwecen 4.30 and 5 p.m. the
team having the most runs, regardless of in-
nings or part thereof shall be the winning team.
—B 7981 Pres.—B 6286 Sec.

unforseen occurence

Germany decides on reply to the American
final demands. Chancellor hurries back to
Berlin after conference with leadeis in the
field. Concessions in U-boat warfare is hinted.

Troops will remain in Mexico, but will be
redistributed along lines suggested by Generals
Scott and Funston.

GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games
Printers 9—Shed 1

In an uninteresting game the Printers de-
feated the Shed in the third game of the series
by a one-sided score of 9—1.

Russell was on the mound for the Shed, and
was soon replaced by Mack, owing to his wild-
ness and the poor judgement of the Umpire in
calling balls and strikes.

Slats doing mound duty for the Printers was
invincible, he also was there with his ‘‘war
club,’’ having 3 singles, out of as many times
at bat.

Score by innings as follows:

R IE
Printers st oot 12371210 0—9 580
Shed *-'¢ = = 27 10000 0:0—1"2350

Two base hits—6960.

Struck out—by Slats 6; Mack 7.
Base on balls—by Slats 2; Mack 7.
Umpires Jack and Harry

Cubs 2—Ninth 2

The game between the Cubs and Ninth de-
veloped into a pitcher’s battle, with the result
being tied by the score of 2—2.

In the fifth inning with the score 2—1, with
Chick on third, Pet’s cacrifice fly enabled
Chick to cross the rubber with the tying run.

Boyd’s steadiness at critical times, and the
gilt-edged support of the inner works, was
effective in holding the Ninth in check.

In the Ninth’s half of the sixth, with two on
base they failed to score.

The wind played havoc with the shoots of
Charlie who presided for the Ninth.

Score by innings as follows:

IRELISIS
NinthE-=Eenn e gs 2070700 00— 2L}
Eubsiai =TT et 2:0°00°0 070 -2 " S &k

Three base hit—Chick.

Two Base hits—Jordon 2; Walter.
Struckout by Charley 6; by Boyd 7.
Base on balls by Charley 3; by Boyd 1.
Umpires—Marty and Andy.

Wednesday’s Games

Cubs 17 Shed 1

In a batting matinee the Shed received a
severe trouncing at the hands of the Cubs by
the final score of 17 to 1.

The Shed work like a lot of hired men, and
their apathetic attitutide would lead one to be-
lieve that they didn’t care whether school kept
or not, making many foozle plays.

The Cubs hammered Joes’s benders with
ease. Williamsport, the mound man for the
Cubs, pitched a good game.

(Continued on fourth page)
