---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_070.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns,
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, April 19, 1916

PrisON PopurLATION—Males 1432. Females
93. Total 1455 Last serial number B 8216.

WILL NOT BE DEBARRED

No doubt it will be a source of assurance for
some of our readers to learn "that ex-prisoners
are not to be debarred from taking United
States civil service examinations in the future
because of having been convicted of a crime.
The New Era goes on to say that *‘if a former
prisoner applies for permission to take an ex-
amination for the federal service his application
is weighed on its merits These facts, estab-
lishing hope for ambitious men who have fallen
into the hand of the law, are embodied in a
statement by the United States Civil Service
Commission, made public recently by Post-
master Weaver. It is believed this statement
establishes a precedent. It was made in re-
sponse to an inquiry by Postmaster Weaver on
behalf of a prisoner in the McAlester Peniten-
tiary.

This prisoner was formerly a man high in the
affairs of Oklahoma. He had the confidence of
the biggest men of the State and was regarded
as one of the coming young men; but one day
temptation came to him, he committed forgery
and was sent to prison. Now his term has
nearly expired and he wishes to know whether
or not a man with the stigma of prison on his
name will be permitted by the government to
take civil service examinations.

KINDNESS OF SILENCE

With out doubt it is always best to be silent
of the faults of our neighbor. Evidently such
is the thought of the writer in The, Castle who
goes on to say: That the kindliness of silence
is something we might all bestow much more
frequently than we do. Granted that we do
n«t indulge in scandal, that when we know of
the distress and disgrace that have fallen on a
friend’'s household in the wrongdoing of one of
its members, we tell the tale only pityingly
and with every extenuating circumstance, yet
why tell it all? [f it were one of our own who
had stumbled into misery or sin, if one dear to
us had yield to sudden temptation, if our
home had been rent with bitterness and dis-

THE UMPIRE

sension, would not the first impulse—a right
and natural impulse—be to hide the hurt and
stain from every human eye? Would we not
bless the friendship that, so far as possible
closed its eyes and sealed its lips, and that
could be trusted not to repeat what it perforce
had seen and heard? Surely this isa place
where the Golden Rule might have much wider
practice than it has—the shielding of others by
silence, doing as we would be done by. When-
ever certain individuals attempt to involve
another in their delirium, they should be
answered with a smile of contempt.

SONG OF THE UNDISMAYED
By Berton Barley

Life, you have harried and hurt and sco-
urged me
Mocked me cruelly through the years.
Under a burden of woe submerged me
Sought to fright me with pain and tears.
Fortune and glory you have denied me,
Love you gave me—and took away
Yet, for all of the years you’ve tried me,
Dauntless I sing to the world today.

For out of the wreck of a vanished passion
Out of the failure, the doubt, the pain,

Out of the sorrow and death I’ll fashion
Many a song in a fearless strain,

And the songs I make shall have no savor
Of uselesslonging or vain regret,

Aud I shall carol to make men braver
For every trial that must be me?

Failure, defeat, despair—I know them
But still I challenge then, unafraid,
And men shall overthrow them
Perchance because of a song I’ve made;
l.ife,though my peace and my joy be taken,
Though all my visions and dreams go by,
I’ll lift my voice in a tone unshaken
And keep on singing until I die!

GETTING WISE

““There is a place down the street where
certain printers hang out when twilight has
come and the day’s work is over. And there’s
a reason!

“In lifting type from galley .to form, a
printer uses what is called a ‘‘makeup rule”’
It is a thin strip of steel, and you can buy’em
for about 10 cents a dozen.

“‘But the man that runs the place where the
Ben Franklin boys go has been led to believe
that this little bit of steel is the printer’s
badge. Without it the printer can’t work, ac-
cording to his conception. He has been led
to believe that.

““So, when the printer asks him for the loan
of a couple of dollars and is willing to leave
the “‘make-up rule’’ as security, the genial
host readily passes over the coin. He has a
cigar-box full of the thin strips of steel at
present and is beginning to think.”’

Those are our friends who reprimand us, not
those who flatter us.—Pythaganon.

-

-

HOME IS:

Where you wish you were abouttwenty times
a day when you are away from it.

Where you got three square meales aday—
and didn't appreciate them.

Where you can step across the hall wearing
a Turkish towel and a cake of soap without
fear of seven or eight people seeing you.

Where you don’t have to dress for dinner.

Where you don’t have to tip someone every
two hours.

Where the view isn’t much but the food and
beds and company and general environments
have gotit all over any other spot on the map.

Where you go when all the othes places are
closed.

PRISONERS MAKES ROADS

Between 50 and 60 per cent, of the able-
bodied prisoners committed to the state prison
in Colorado, are now employed in building
roads. The prisoners live in camps without
guards, the honor system being depended upon
to prevent desertions. One prison gang has
just completed, after two years of blasting of
s)lid granite, an automobile highway from
Kansas up the Arkansas River to its source,
over the Continental Divide and to the Utah
line. Another gang of men is building a road
in Eagle River Canyon. In addition to the
road work the prisonersare working three large
ranches. In the last seven years, 1,000 miles
of roadway have been constructed by Colorado
prisoners.

HOMER’S BIRTHPLACE

Chois, where a torpedo boat the other day
was destroyed, is the most probable birthplace
of Homer, and shows the blind bard’s cradle,
sehoolhouse, and tomb. Of the “twelve cities
which, claimed the Homer Dead, through which
the living Homer begged his bread,”” it is
generally believed that Chios deserves the im-
mortal honor. Although almost exterminated
by the terrible massacre of 1822, the people of
Chois are the most prosperous in the Levant.
Nearly all leading Greeh bankersand merchants
hail from this island. The intelle. tual genius
of the past reached its climax in Homer Of
few men who have ever lived can it be more
truly said: ‘‘He being dead yet speaketh.”

A huge angora cat belonging to Mrs. Resalia
Stewart, of Philadelphia, fell heir to $1,000 at
the death of its mistress. Among the responsi-
bilities of her executors is the daily duty of
feeding and caring for the pet.

A strict mandate was issued a short time ago
by the mayor of Philadelphia to every director
and bureau chief of the city, charging them to
see that absolutely no drinking of intoxicating
liquors is practiced by employees under their
supervision. Drinkers are finding it harder and
harder to hold jobs; nobody wants them.

It’s easy to criticise, but hard to originate.
