---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_071.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3
\

JUST MERE MENTION

Secretary Redfield, of the Department of
Commerce, is an expert motorboatist, and
thinks nothing of cruising along the Maine
coast fora hundred miles or more. He does
this nearly every summer, his whiskers enjoy
the breezes so.

S

Senator Chilton defended his first client as
a young lawyer, while a crowd of masked men
waited outside the court room for the defend-
ant in case Chilton succeeded in getting him
acquitted. That being the case, Chilton let
the man be convicted and sentenced to eleven
years. to give the mob plenty of time to dis-
perse.

S

James H. Paterson. the well known manu-
facturer, used to be a boy and showed it when
the boys of Dayton, Ohio, were throwing stones
through the windows of his factory. Instead
of reprimanding them, he gave them grounds
and gave instru:tions to show them how to
raise gardens and flowers. His factory buy
vegetables of the boys.

&

Joseph H. Appel, advertising manager for
John Wanmaker, says his cousin caught him
smoking his first cigarette and threatened to
tell on him. Young Appel then ‘‘beat’ it
home and confessed. His father wound up the
interview with: ‘‘If you feel like smoking
again, come to me and we will have one to-
gether.”” A few years afterwards he had his
first cigar in his father’s library.

2

Before he became an author, Robert W_
Chambers was a draughtsman and a painter,
and had studied tobecome an illustrator. In
back numbers of ‘‘Life,”” ‘“Vogue,”’ and other
periodicals, are to be found a goodly number
of his sketches and he was well established as
an artist and bent upon an artist’s career,
when success as an author opened a different
road for him to travel. His first book was
published in 1£93, when Mr. Chambers was
twer ty-eight. It was “In the Quarter,”” and
its appearance was followed in thesame year
by the publication «f ‘“The King in Yellow.”’
The success of the latter left him no doubt as
to the career he would follow thenceforward
He forsook his easel almost entirely and de-
voted himself to writing, and story followed
story in rapid succession—as many- as four a
year, to say nothing of shorter bits of fiction
appearing in the pages of the magazines.
Today, Mr. Chambers employs his ability as
a painter only to amuse himself and, occasion-
ally, it is said, for the more practical purpose
of fixing in mird some imaginary scene when
the course of the plot has foregathered his
characters. He was born in Brooklyn and his
preference is for life in the city.

2

A bad man is worse when he pretends to be
a saint.

FORGIVE Us OUR TRESPASSES

It is said that there is no quarter of the
globe, where mankind dwells, where the Lord’s
Prayer is not known, or has not been heard.
People of every rank and condition say it, if
they pray at all, from the smallest child going
to Sunday school, to men and women whose
seamed features and snowy locks denote the
weight of many years. The question is, how
much real spirit goes with it, with some of
them? Do people fully realize or mean just
what they say? Now the important part to
which I refer, is, ‘‘Forgive Us OUR trespasses;
As WE forgive THEM that trespass AGAINST Us.’’
We are asking God to forgive US as WE forgive
OTHERS, in the same way, in the same measure.
Pause and ask yourself; am | forgiven? How
many men in this institution are eveiy day
begging for, and expecting, mercy to be shown
them? Some are asking the Warden, some are
asking or writing to Mr. Horstman or the Parole
Board. Others financially are employing at-
torneys to present their cases to the Board of
Pardons. It is true, no doubt, that they are
all sincerely repentant and ready and willing to
begin a new life and do right, if given the op-
portunity. But do they, do you, or do I show
the same spirit of forgiveness and mercy to-
wards our brother that we expect from others?
The minute someone offends us by some word
or deed, real or imaginary, we fly intoa rage,
abuse him, condemn him or ostracize him.
Boys! we cannot all be alike, or think alike:
and we all make mistakes, so forgive, with an
open heart, the mistakesor offenses of the other
fellow and you will indeed be forgiven your
trespasses, as we forgive them that tiespass
against us. Think it over comrades. B 7291.

Actually Retusing Business

According to a local paper the great ship-
yards in this neighborhood are turning down
orders, because contracts already in hand will
keep their greatly augmented forces working at
top notch speed for the next two or more years.
The statement is that the contracts in hand
approximate far above $50,000,000. The con-
tracts include battleships and torpedo boats for
the United States government; a large number
of oil tankers; some freight vessels and some
passengers steamships; and most of the ships,
it is said, are destined to fly the American flag.
All of which has a cheerful sound, and we trust
that the orders which have been turned down
at Philadelphia will turn up and be welcomed
in other American shipyards from Maine to

California.
A THOUGHT FOR TODAY

There is always someone to smile at, some-

body to give your hand to, some to whom a -

kind word will help make life more cheerful.

These small attentions will open the way to
confidence, will make it possible that in need
these friends will give you the opportunities to
help them which, unless you had shown thought-
fulness and regard for them they could never
have done. A quiet, kind, gentle word or a
manly, sincere, hand clasp, manv a time un-
bars a heart that needs help which you can
give. B 7819.

BORROWED MIRTH

“How is the cooking in that restautant?’’

Gentleman with toothpick, ‘‘Fine.”’

““And what did you have, may I ask?’’

Gentleman with toothpick, ‘‘A dozen raw
oysters, some ice cream and a glass of milk.”’

S

A Scotch minister in need of funds thus con-
veyed his intentions to his congregation:

““Weel, friends, the kirk is urgently in need
of siller, and as we will have to get money hon-
estly we will have to see what a bazaar can do
forusee

S

Mr. Gotham —I see the smallest cows in the
world are found in the Samoan Islands. The
average weight does not exceed 150 pounds
They are about the size of the merino sheep.

Mrs. Gotham—Do you suppose, dear, that
is where they get the condensed milk?

S

“I wonder why a sponge is full of holes?”’
queried small Margaret.

‘“‘Because,”” answered her five-year-old bro-
ther with an air of superior knowledge, “‘if it
wasn’t for the holes people wouldn’t know it
was a sponge, would they, stupid?’’

5

“Listen to this, Maria,”” said Mr. Stubbs,
as he unfolded his scientific paper. This ar-
ticle states that in some of the old Roman
prisons that have been unearthed they found
the petrified remains of the prisoners.

“Gracious, John,”” exclaimed Mrs. Stubbs,
with a smile, “‘them’s what they call hardened
criminals, I expect.”’

S

Miss Brown told me that you paid her such
a charming compliment the other evening,?”’
said Mrs Coddington to her husband, “‘some-
thing about her being pretty. The poor girl
was so pleased. I don’t see how you men can

.be so untruthful.”’

“I should think you’d know by this time that
I'm never untruthful,”” said Mr. Coddington
reproachfully  *‘I said she was just as pretty
as she could be, and so she was.”

S

Johnny stood beside his mother as she made
her selection from the huckster’s wagoun, and
the farmer told the boy to take a handful of
cherries, but, accor iing to the Ladies' Home
Journal, the child shook his head.

“What's the matter? Don’t you like them?”’
asked the huckster.

‘““Yes,"” replied Johnny.

““Then go ahead an’ take some.”’

Johnny hesitated, whereupon the farmer put
a gencrous handful in the boy’s cap. After the
farmer had driven on the mother asked; “Why
didn’t you take the cherries when he told you
to2t

Johnny winked as he said: ‘‘Cause his hand
was bigger’n mine.”
