---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_072.jpg
---
4

—_—

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE

We B Pt Wi ERPCts
Printers 5 0 1000 Ninth 2 3 400
Cubs 3 2 600 Shed 0 5 000

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

WesslbSebet: We il Ect.
Phila. 6 RS 5T Cinn. SR NG =455
St. Louis 6 4 600 Pittsburg 4 6 400
Chicago Hied =556 Brooklyn 2 3 400
Boston Db -+2500 New York 1 5 167

AMERI1CAN LEAGUE STANDING

Wi I, Pct: Wi oo =Pt
Boston 7 4 636 Chicago 6 6 500
New York 5 3 625 Washington 5 5 500
Detroit 65545 Cleveland 4 5 444
St. Louis - 5 5 500 Athletics 2 (022

(Continued from (st page)

Jordon the Cub slugger fattening his batting
average with three hits and a four-bagger.
Bill, in the last few minutes of play, made a
a ciruit clout, scoring the one lone tally for the
shed.

Score by innings as follows:

R.HE.
Cubssdr oc i) o Sl P66 0—Slf 1620
Sheddime st =~ 0L0E0800-120—"1" =55}

Umpire—Mack and Andy.
Printers 5—Ninth 1

In the first game of the series with the
Ninth, the Printers won their fourth straight
victory, in an exciting game from start to
finish, by the score of 5—1.

“Big Slim,”” got the ticklish assignment of
opening the series for the Printer’s, and was
invincible, throughout the game, proving he
will be a hard man to beat.

Herb who scaled the peak for the Ninth was
not very effective at critical times, a home run
by Fats in the latter part of the game with 2
men on bases, paved the way for an easy
victory.

The game was marked with spectacular
fielding, phenominal stops, and heavy clouting,
especially by Fats, he led the attack with a
single, double and home run.

Score by innings asfollows:

R
N Tnchie s v e 000 H0R0 50105022
Brintersie. o 0w 2000003 0—
Doubles—Fats, Happy, Chick.
Home Run—Fats.
Struck out—by Slim 6; Herb 5.
Base on balls, Slim 3; Herb 2.
Umpires Mack and Marty.

Ninth—10 Cubs—7

The tie game between the Cubs and Ninth
was played off and resulted in a victory for the
Ninth by the score of 10—7.

The Ninth took 2 commanding lead in the
fourth inning, when Chick’s long drive over
the fifth block roof netted him a four bagger,
and scored Charley who was on second.

Boyd, in the box for the Cubs, was not given
the usual support, two errors being chalked up
against them. :

SHEE
12250
Tt

THE UMPIRE

Charley, who worked for the Ninth, worked
hard throughout the game.

Pidge and Blink, executed the ‘‘squeeze
play,’’ receiving loud applause.

Score by innings as follows:

RESSE
Cirbstemeiia Jeal Bribak 002000 5—7 4 2
Ninthe et 5 OEe.gut 200503 0—10 0

Umpires Mack and Bloom.
Friday’s Games
Printers 6-Ninth 1

The powerful attack of the Printers was too
much for the Ninth, in the second game of the
series, and the Printers won the second straight
game from them in easy fashion, by the score
of 6—1

A gathering of about 100 loyal printer fans,
headed by Whitey calling themselves the
“Loyal Rooter’s,”” made plenty of noise by
their college yells and cheering. The Warden
and many of the other officer’s and officials
were intercsted spectators during the game.

“‘By Slim,’" again demonstrated that he can
deliver the goods when called upon to do
mound duty, by being master of the situation
from the first inning until the whistle blew.

Blackie, started to pitch for the Ninth and
was soon relieved by Charley after getting 3
run’s in the first inning before the side was
retired, the last 3 runs were gotten while
Charley was in the box.

The hitting of Hagy and Fats was thefea-
ture’s for the Printers, while Chick deserves
mention for a great one handed catch he made
of a hot liner.

Score by innings as follows:

R.H. E
Ninth2=r: = U asSR 080202050 F0H00=S1800 2
PrintersE i 4200000006 9 1

Umpires—Andy & Billie.
Cubs 6—Shed 5

In a nicely contested game, the Cubs de-
feated the Shed, under the leadership of Mack
the new Shed manager, by the score of 6 to 5.

Logan started for the Shed, gave three tickets,
then giving way to Make who gave 5 hits fan-
ned 5and walked 1.

Albie, was on the bill for the Cubs, and gave
8 hits fanned 6 and walked 2.

Big Bill’s, stick work and fielding won his
preference with the boys.

Pidge and Blink getting the knows in the art
of purloining bases.

It was an interesting game throughout.

Score by innings follows:

R.HDE:
Cubs=_ = i 1 N IEl 030==61 580
Shede == 2TE 2 P 0E2SIS080 I0N0==F BIRE

Two bases—Brownie, Joe, Big Bill.
Umpires Marty and Miller

CHARLES J. MURRAY

T S R T P o Y S o U TR

We are sorry to learn of the dcath of Over-
seer Charles J. Murray, one of the night force
at this institution. Mr. Murray had been in
the State service only a few months, but in
that time had made many friends here. He
leaves a wife and family of small children, to
whom we extend our sincere sympathy in their
hour of bereavement,

" HONOR CLUB NOTES

The H. F. C. entertainment given last Sat-
urday, was of the same high character as those
give in the past, the same acts and sketches
that have been running for the past six weeks
being given by Troup No. 4 to a well pleased
audience in addition to this however was a
piano solo by Prof. Wiegandt Jr. who was
roundly applauded and compelled to render a
second solo, His father Prof. Wiegandt Sr.,
director of our E. S. P. choir, also gave a well
rendered solo on the cornet with piano accom-
paniment by B 7251 and B 5602 read a very
touching farewell address to B 6447 (our Vice
President) who leaves us this week having been
granted a pardon. B 6447 sang a farewell solo
““Over the Garden Wall.”” In a neat little
speech, of well chosen words, President Rueben
C. McKenty in the name of the Honor and .
Friendship Club presented to B€447 (Vice
President) a solid gold watch charm as a mark
of respect and esteem for his untiring efforts in
behalf of the club, and the welfare and uplift
of its members. The members of the club all
extend to him a good by and their best wishes
for a bright and successful future. Mr. Dipple
was again present with the boys and in a short
address gave them a good many words of hope
and encouragement

The last show of this season will be given
next Saturday the 29 inst. the 5th and 7th
Blocks and Gallary go out, tickets will be dis-
tributed Saturday at noon as usual.

—A 8432, B 7819, Repres. Del.

HUSTLING BALL PLAYERS

Like a lot of little chickens,

Follwing after the mother hen,
After every new arrival,

Is our Managers of base-ball men.

Here a pitcher, there a catcher—
Each manager bound to him first;
Little do they mind the weather,
When they get the baseball thirst.

Right up to his cell they follow,
Then each tells of his team;

And their tongues begin to chatter
Talking baseball just like steam.

b4

“Play for me,”” says manager Wise,
‘“You will be glad some of boys to
meet&
Then manager Hagy tells them
My team it can’t be beat.

So anxious are they for the plavers
They forget they have played for
cash:
And when a player ask’s for money,
Then their joys all go to ‘‘Smash.”’

So let the managers take this warning
Caution is the wisest plan;
Before you sign up your players
Learn a little of your Man.
—B 6861

The Bakers won Saturday’s game 12—9. On
Easter Monday the Cooks won 13—S8.
