---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_073.jpg
---
w
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

—_—

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, May 3, 1916

NO. 18

TO BUILD BIG PLANT
: ON PETTY’S ISLAND

The Westinghouse Company to Erect
$1,000,000 Concern on Tract—Will
Employ Many Thousands

From rel able resources it is reported that the
Westinighouse Electric Company of Pittsburg,
will shortly build a $1,000,000 plant on Petty’s
Island in the Delaware, opposite Cramps’ ship-
yard. ’

The island, which comprises about 350 acres
and is a part of Pensauken township, Camden
County, has been sold by David E. Dallam,
who took it over by foreclosure about a year a-
go, to A. M. Zane, who is said to represent the
Westinghouse Company.

All of the parties of the transaction preserved
great secrecv as to the identity of the real pur-
chasers, though the question of building a
bridge from the mainland to the island was
freely discussed with the township commission-
ers. During the discussion it was stated that
a very large plant was tobe built on the island
which probaly would give employment to sev-
eral thousand men.

WORLD'S RECORDS BROKEN

From a New York report it is learned that
Henry Woodhouse, a member of the board of
governors of the Aero Club of America, an-
nounced yesterday that four world's records
were broken by American aviatots at Newport
News, Va.

Theodore C. McAuley took six passengers in
the flying boat H-7 of the super-American type,
to an altitude of 1000 feet, remaining in the
air an hour and 10 minutes and maintaining a
a speed of 88 miles an hour, establishing re-
cords, Mr. Woohouse said, for speed, passen-
ger carrying and altitude with six passengers.

Victor Carlstom, in a twin motor military
biplane, rose to a height of 16.299 feet witha
passenger, which sets a new record for altitude
with a passenger, it was announced.

MINERS STRIKE AVERTED

A New York dispatch states that wage con-
cessions which would increase the anthracite
mine workers’ payroll by approximately $9.0C0,
000 in the next four years are offered in tenta-
tive agreement reached early yesterday by a
joint sub-committee of operators and miners.
The agreement, it was predicted by both sides,
in all probability will be accepted by the tri-
district board representing the miners at their
meeting here today.

EXTENSIVE CIVIC EXPOSITION

Preparations are well under way in West
Philadelphia foran extensive Civic Exposition
which is to be held at the Auditorium Building
on 34th, St.,, below Spruce St., begining May
15,and continuing until June 10th. It is the in-
tention of those in charge of the exposition to
give it a wide scope, so as to have on exhibi-
tion a representative display of all the indust-
ries of the city, which will include, it is ex-
pected, the various arts and crafts in extensive
array, and no efforts will be spared to make
the affair a complete success in every detail.

It has been decided upon by the Warden and
Officers of the E. S. P. to participate in the
exposition by having a representative display
of the handicraft of the inmates of this insti-
tution on exhibition, and steps have been taken
to secure the necessary space at the exposition
to carry out their plan.

This will be a good opportunity for the in-
mates of the E. S. P. having saleable articles,
to dispose of the same to their profit. Further
information may be obtained by inquiring cof
the Overseers of the various Blocks. who will
be able to give the necessary directions to
those interested.

36,000 EMPLOYES TO GET
WAGES INCREASED

1n a report from South Bethlehem, it is
learned that twenty-four thousand employes
onthe payrol! of the Bethlehem Steel Com-
pany, were made glad lately by the announce-
ment of a voluntary increase in wagesof 10 per
cent., which will become effective on May 1.
The increase will mean the adding of $170,000
per month to the payroll, which last month
was $1,700,C00.

This isa third voluntary increase, each ap-
proximating 10 per cent. raise in less than a
year.

The increase also affects the 7000 employes
of the Pennsylvania Steel Company, at Steel-
ton, Pa., and 5000 at the Maryland Steel
Company’s plant at Sparrows Point, near
Baltimore, where there shipyard.
These two companies were recently purchased

bv Mr. Schwab.

issalsora

Move to Hasten Rebuilding of Navy

According to a Washington report, putting
the Ameiican ravy in second place within
three years and building it upon a definite,
well-balanced plan designed to produce and
maintain a fighting fleet of a size to meet any
emergency—a real preparedness program —Wwill
be offered to the country within a short time.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

WedneWGames

Printers 6—Cubs 1
The Printers won their sixth consecutive
game by defeating the Cubs by the score of 6-1.
Slim, (“The War Horse’’) was again the vic-
torous twirler, allowing the Cubs but four hits,
walking 3, and having 8 strikeouts. Boyd did
the mound duty for the Cubs and with the ex-
ception of one inning, pitched good ball. He
having allowed 8 hits,sti uck out 8 and passed

four.
The Printers were the first to score, getting

the first run in the the 3nd inning, but the
Cubs came back and tied in the 3rd, and for
a few minutes it looked as though the Cubs
would take the lead Jordan drove a long fly
into the 5th Block corier that looked good for
a home run, but Otto shattered all hopes by
making a clever catch.

In the 5th inning the Printers cinched the
game by scoring three more runs. Boyd be
came wild passing Otto and Buck and filled the
bases by hitting Slim with a pitched ball. It
was then the ‘‘Barry’’ of the game was pulled
off by Jordan, who after fielding Hagy’s hit,
stood holding it as if spellbound and watched
two of the runners romp over the home plate;
and left Hagy reach first in safty. Another
run was scored this inning when Jacoby sing-
led scoring Slim.

The last two runs were scored in the sixth
when Mac singled, Buck walked, Slim sacrificed
scoring Mac, and Hay put on the finishing
touches by clouting a two base hit scoring
Buck.

Score by innings as follows:

R_H.E
Cubs-l_ o0 =2 0.0°1°0.0.00:0 015480
Printers._ & = 0100320006 8 0

Two base hits— Hagy; Fats; Buck; Blink.
Umpires—Williams and Miller :
Ninth 7—Shed 0

Loose fielding characterized the Shed play
and the Ninth treated Smithy’s team to a coat
of whitewash by a score of 7—0.

Herb, the Ninth pitcher wasin good form
allowing 4 hits, fanned 9, walked 5 and two hit
by pitched ball.

Williamsport, in the box for the Shed was
given the rankest kind of support.

He was found for 6 hits fanned 4 and passed
2. Hump, got a home run in the fourth inning
when he lifted the ball over the 12th Block

Better fielding and more timely hitting was
the feature of the Ninth’s attack.

Score by innings as follows:

R H E
Ninth- == o mes AN 0 R s e 5
Shed oo 000000 —06 0

(Continued on fourth page)
