---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_074.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

—_—

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery. ]

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.-

B 7413; Editor.

Philadelphia, May 3, 1916

PrisoN PopPULATION—Males 1427. Females
22. Total 1449 Last serial number B 8229.

INTEMPERANCE WELL DEPICTED

Slowly and surely the temperance cause is
winning its way with all thinking people. The
iusidious effects of the use of liquors is being
brought before the public mind by scientific
demonstration and by statistics. - No small
wonderis it then, that we areawakening to the
great necessity of curbing this evil, that pos-
terity may benefit, and that crime may be re-
duced to a much lower minimum. As an ex-
position of the many attendant evils it the
train of intemperance, we believe the following
summing up by Robert Ingersoll will be found
to be most complete.

I am aware that there is prejudice against
any man who manufactures alcohol. I believe
that from the time it issues from the coiled
and poisonous worms in the distillery until it
empties into the jaws of death, dishonor and
crime, it demoralizes everbody that touches
it—from source to where it ends. I do not be-
lieve anybody can coutemplate the object with-
out being prejudice against the liquor crime.

All we have to do, gentlemen, is to think of
the wrecks on either bank of the stream—of
deaths, of the suicides, of insanity, of the
ignorance, of the destitution, of the little
chi dien tugging at the faded and withered
breasts of weeping and despaiing mothers, of
wives asking for bread, of men of genius it has
wrecked—the men struggling with imaginary
serpents, produced by this devilish thing; and
when you think of jails, of the almshouses, of
the asylums, of the prisons, or the scaffolds
upon their bank, I do not wonder that every
thoughtful man is prejudiced against this stuff
called alcohol.

Intemperance cuts down youth in its vigor,
manhood in its strength, old age in its weakness
It breaks father’s heart, bereavesthe doting
mother, extinguishes natural affection, erases
conjugal love, blotsout filial attchmeiit, blights
parental hopes, brings down mourning age in
sorrow to the grave. It produces weakness, not
life. It makes wives widows;children orphans;

fathers, flends—and all of them paupers and

beggars. It feeds rheumatism, invites cholera,
imports pestilence and embraces consumption.

It covers the land with idleness, misery,
crime. It fills the jail, supplies the almshouses
and demands asylums. It engenders controv-
ersies, fosters quarrels and cherishes riots. It
crowds penitentiaries and furnishes victims for
the scaffold. It is the life-blood of the gamblers,
the element of the burglar, the prop of the high-
wayman and support of the midnight incendiary
It countenances the liar, respects the thief,
esteems the blasphemer. It violates obligation,
reverences fraud and honors infamy. It de-
fames benevolence, hates love, scorns virtue
and slanders innocence. It burns up men,
consumes women, detests life, curses God,
despises Heaven. It suborns witness, nurses
perjury, defiles the jury box and stains judicial
ermine. It degrades the citizen, debases the
legislator, dishonors the statesman and disarms
the patriot. It brings shame, not honor,
danger, not safety, despair, not hope, misery,
not happiness, and with the malevolence of a
fiend it calmy surveys its freight of. desolation
and unsatiated havoc. It poisons felicity, kills
peace, ruins morals, blights confidence, slays
reputations and wipes out national honor—then
curses the world and laughs at its ruins. It
does al] that and more. It murders the soul.
It is the sum of all villainies, the f{ather of all
crimes, the mother of all abominations. The
devil’s own best friend and God’s worst enemy.

KEEP THE MIND AT WORK

Not long ago I was a asked by a well m'eaning
correspondent having knowledge of my work
in the outer world, how I managed to keep up
courage and enthusiasm sufficient to write for
and edit a prison paper. Asa fact the ques-
tion was not to my liking. But I answered
my friend of good intent, the substance of the
reply being, that where there’s a will, there’s
also a way. Furthermore, that the very worst
thing a man undergoing a prison sentence can
possibly do, is to allow his thinking powers to
become clouded by disuse, or by brooding over
past troubles, or by other generalities that de-
press the spirits. If a man in prison has an
opportunity to keep his mind active with
useful throughts (work), so much the better
for him if he accepts -the chance and makes
the best of it. Things are bound. to balance
true some day, though it may require a de-
gree of patience to work out satisfactorily.
This simple fact is too well known to need
further comment.

In writing, as in other classes of work, our
writing is not alone the product of our own
mind, but the result of the workings of other
men’s minds which have helped to mould our
mental development while in course of training.
As the years crowd upon us the better we see
and understand, the more we can appreciate
the chance to work out the thoughts of others
in our own language. The more one thinks,
the more they can think; and precisely so it
is inall lines of work.

One of the best suggestions that I happen to

recall to mind, was made by a professional
man to a patient in his care, who had endured
a long spell of sickness. “Get busy! And keep
the mind active with helpful thoughts. If your
own thoughts do not flow rapidly enough to
keep the mind occupied, read some of the writ-
ings by authors of note, men who have caused
others to think; then notice the results. In a
little while you’ll forget many of your own
troubles, and new vigor will manifest itself in
your betterment.”” The beauty of itall is,
that all he said is perfectly true.

OPPORTUNITY

They do me wrong who say I come no more
When once I knock and fail to find you in;
For every day I stand outside your door,
And bid you wake, and rise to fight and win.

Wail not for precious chances passed away,
Weep not for golden ages on the wane!
Each night I burn the records of the day—

At sunrise every soul is born again!

Laugh like a boy at splendors that have sped,
To vanished joys be blind and deaf and dumb;

My judgements scal the dead past with its dead,
But never bind a moment yet to come.

Though deep in mire, wring not your hands
and weep:
I lend my arm to all who say ‘I can.”’
No shamefaced outcast ever sank so deep,
But yet might rise and be again a man!!

Dost thou behold thy lost youth all aghast?
Dost reel from righteous Retribution’sblow?

Then turn from blotted archives of the past,
And find the future’s pages white as snow.

Art thou a mourner? Rouse thee from thy spell:
Art thou a sinner? Sins may be forgiven;
Each morning gives thee wings to flee from hell,
Each night a star to guide thy feet to heaven.

—By Walter Malone.

SCIENTIFIC NOTES

Geologists tell us that during the Eocene era,
when the shores of the Gulf of Mexico lay con-
siderably farth r inland than at the present
time, a long baylike extension of the gulf filled
the present valley cf the Mississippi up to the

‘mouth of the Ohio, says a bulletin of the U, S,

geoglogical survey. The boundaries of this
ancient bay were not stationary, but shifted
slowly back and forth from time to time so that
open sea was gradually replaced by brackish
water, and this by swamps and peat bogs,
The succeeding advance of the sea buried
these old peat bogs beneath accumulations of
clay, sand and sea shells

Dr. C. C. Vogt, a chemist of Pittsburg, is,
rerorted to have discovered a new composition
for filling cavities in human teeth. The dis-
covery of the composition which is the result
of two years of constant research on the part
Dr. Vogt, is said to have the jlasticity of
cement, the appearance of porcelain and the
durability of gold.
