---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_075.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

w

JUST MERE MENTION

Representative Thomas M. Bell, of Georgia,
received an appealing letter from a horse
breeder down in his district.

“My youngest boy has left us and joined
the regular army,”” wrote the horse breeder,
“and now I can’t get him out again. Can’t
you arrange some way to get him out? He was
a particularly g od boy in many respects, and
I was raising him for my own use.”’

2

Samuel R. Van Sant, former Governor of
Minnesota, who leaped into national fame
some years ago when he slapped Prince Henry,
of Prussia, on the back and said: ‘‘Hello,
Prince!”’ at a reception in Chicago, is an old
Mississippi river steamboat captain and believes
that the days of river navigation are coming
back again—utilitarian, if not romantic days
of river traffic like ‘‘befo’ de war.”

&

Silent Frank’’ is the epithet that one of the
World Film directors has earned. Frank Crane
was formerly as loud in his directions as any of
them, but one day during hisheated directions
and shouting in a mob scene he lost his voice
temporarily. This accident proved to him
that more could be accomplished by quieter
methods—presto—now it is ‘‘Silent Frank’’
Crane.

o

There is a fascination about listening to Sen-
ator Thomas P. Gore, the blind statesman,
tell of the things he has ‘‘seen.’”’

““The San Jose Valley, in California, is one
of the most beautiful places I have ever seen,”’
he remarked recently. ‘‘It would be fineto
live there.”” And he went ahead to talk of the
beauties of California with as great knowledge
of details as if he had actually beheld it all.
In the same conversation he said:

“‘Boston is the most interesting city of all
though. No matter where I look, I see some-
thing of historical significance.”

5

Representative Billy Kent, of California, has
an old friend, a guide, who lives all alone out
in the mountains. His nearest neighbor is
about twenty miles away and as a rule he does
not see more than one or two human beings
in a month. And that is exactly the way the
old fellow wants it. He dotes on the solitude
and isolation of it all, and would keenly dislike
having anybody around to bother him. A few
months ago, for some unaccountable reason,
things were a little brisk up his way and two
different men went by the :ame week. The
old chap told Kent about it, remarking, as he
finished:

“I guess I'll sell out here and move.”’

“Why?’’ asked Kent. “You’ve lived here
all your life. What would you want to move
for?”’

“Oh,’ replied the old guide with a frown,
“] can't stand so much traffic going by.”’

A UNIQUE LIGHTSHIP

Off the Island of Islay, on the west coast of
Scotland, there is stationed, at the Otter Rock
a unique lightship. It is unmanned; yet it can
be relied on to display the warning light to guide
the mariner on this dangerous coast. It is a
most ingeniously constructed vessel and the only
one of its kind. In its two steel tanks a suffi-
cient quantity of gas can be stored to supply
the lantern for several months.

Experiments have shown that the light may
be depended upon - to burn continuously for
months at a time. The approximate duration
of the light can be predetermined, and there is
no danger whatever of its being extinguished by
wind or spray.

The light is visible at a distance of from eight
to twelve miles. The lightstip also has a bell,
which is made to ring autematically by means
of an ingenious device that utilizes the gas as
it passes from the tanks to the lantern to work
the bell clapper.

BLAU GAS

Blau gas, named after its German inventor,
liquefies under pressure, shrinking to one four-
hundredth of its normal volume at atmospheric
pressure. It is therefore transportable in steel
bottles as easily as oil or alcohol, and is usable
in places where gas could not otherwise be
readily supplied. For car heating or lighting,
in welding and metal-cutting tools, for high-
speed soldiering, it is said to be invaluable.

It contains most of the same elements, al-
though in different proportions, as ordinary il-
luminating gas, and is similarly made, but is
without carbon monoxid and therefore is non-
poisonous. * Also its chemical inertia is so great
as to make it practically nonexplosive. Its
range of explosion is one-twelfth that of acety-
lene and one-third that of ordinary coal gas,
It is cheaper to produce than acetylene.

Seven Wonders Of The Modern World

From a thousand prominent scientists in
America and Europe lists were obtained recently
in which were set forth what, in the opinion of
each, are the Seven Great Wonders of the mo-
dern world. Nearly one-fourth named as first
and most important wireless telegraphy. The
tele; hone was the second selection As for
third place, there was a difference of opinion-
Some thought it should be awarded to the aero-
plane while others thought it shou d be awarded
to radium. The spcctrum analysis was placed
ffth, with X-ray sixth and the Panama Canal
seventh. Anesthesia was mentioned by many
of the scientists voting, but not enough ballots
wete cast in its favor to insure its being in-
cluded in the final list.

Nourish good principles with the same care
that a mother would bestow on her new-born
babe. You may not be able to bring them to
maturity. but you will nevertheless be not far
from doing so-

BORROWED MIRTH

Tom; When you proposed to her I suppose
she said, ‘“This is so sudden?’’

Dick: No; she was honest, and said,
suspense has been terrible.”’

S

“Well, Johnny. how did you like school?”’

“I didn’t like it a bit. The teacher put me
on a chair and told me to sit there for the pres-
ent. And I sat and sat there and she never
gave me the present.”

&

is disappointed about house-

“This

““My bride
keeping ”’

‘““What’s the trouble?’’

‘‘She can’t get a maid who will curtsey like
they do in the musical comedies she goes to
see.”’

&

““The lunchroom proprietor advertised ham
and eggs at war prices.”’

“I don’t see what war has to do with the
price of ham and eggs.”’

“It has a great deal in this case. He’s at
war with a rival restaurant across the strect.”’

5

A small boy was discussing the differences in
members of the vegetable world.

“How did people first know an apple tree
from a pear tree?”’ he asked. ‘‘By the bark?”’

‘“No,”” replied his mother, gravely, ‘‘by the
bite.”’

2

““Those twin boys of yours are so much alike
that I don’t see how you can tell them apart.”’

““That’s easy enough. When they’re on their
good behavior they answere to their own names
and wlen they’ve becn in mischief each one
answers to the name of the other.”’

2

Soph—Your girl is a wonderful dancer but
for two things.”’ s
Junior (elated at compliment paid his girl)—
Yes, I think so, too, but what are the two
things? : g
Soph (beating a hasty retreat)—Her feet.
S

““What zone is this we live in?
answer James,’’ said the teacher.

““Temperate.’’

““Now, what is meant by a ‘temperate zone?"’

““It’s a place where it’s freezin’ cold in win-
ter and red-hot in summer.”’’

&

No doubt the doctor spoke rashly. An in-
quisitive niece, seeing him return from the
funeral of a wealthy patient, innocently in-
quired; -

““Uncle Tom, do you attend the funerals of
all your patients who die?”’

““Good heavens, no,’”’ said the doctor. ‘‘Do
you suppose I have nothing to do but go to
funerals?’’

You may
