---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_076.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

4
STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE
Wi e Pct: Wl smPcts
Printers 6 2 750 Ninth OISR 625
Cubs 5 3 625 Shed 0 8 000
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
Wit i Pet, We s S Pet:
Brooklyn 6 3 667 Cinn. 8 8 500
Phila. 7/ 4 636 SteLouisi i7" = 74 =500
Chicago 8 5 615 Pittsburg 6 9 = 400
Boston 6 4 600 NewYork 1 9 100
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING
WS-+ Pet: W S Pcts
Wash’ton 9 6 600 New York 7 6 538
Detroit 9 7 563 Chicago 9 9 500
Boston 9 (anE563 StalLoisE bR O3 57
Cleveland 9 7 563 Athletics 4 10 286

(Continued from st page)

Home Run—Hump.

Three base hit—Bill.
Doubles—Williamsport; Stump; Smithy.
Umpires Mack and Marty.

Friday’s Games
Ninth 12 —Shed 1

The Ninth won from the Shed by the score
of 12to 1 in a game that was minus all the
essentials of a good ball game,

The heavy hitting of the Ninthand the pitch-
ing of Mac were the only redeeming features
of the game.

This was Mac's first game with the Ninth
and he made a fine showing against his former
team mates allowing only 3 hits and having 12
strike outs and walked two.

Williamsport pitched for the Shed: but was
replaced in the 7th inning by Logan who allowed
6 hits in two inning.

Score by innings as follows:

ReHOE,
Shed —cocen -0 0010000—1 3 2
INntheso S oo 0 1013052—12140

Home runs—Mac; Williamsport.
Doubles Yellow 2; Chick; Pet.
Umpires—Andy and Miller.

Printers1 —Cubs 11

After winning the six straight, the Printers
went down to defeat, before the timely hitting
of the Cub machine by score of 11—-1,

Boby, on the slab for the Cubs, had excel-
elent control and several times averted disaster,
Big Slim, started for the Printers, giving way
to Hagy in the fifth frame, who failed to stop
the onslaught cf the Cub batsman.

A line drive by Otto, in the fourth inning
coupled with a steal at third by Buck, chalked
up the lone tally for the Printers.

Jacoby and Jordon fielded spectacularly in
the the infield. Barney, and Otto, contributed
~ the star catches in the outer garden.

The game was marred by a shower, and
several erratic decisions by the umpire,

Score by innings as follows:

RaH B,
(@ 01 o S 200210151171
Printersies ity o o 0001000x—1 5 0

Two base hits—Taylor; Ginger; Jack.
Umpire—]Jack.

Monday’s Games
Ninth 5—Shed 4

The Ninth again won from the Shed by the
close score of 5 to 4.

The Shed has signed up several new plavers
and are showing better form. Jimmy Winters
the Sheds new pitcher was in the box and was
touched up for 3-hits, striking out 6 and walk-
ing 5. But always tightened up in pinches.

Herb was on the mound for the Ninth, allow-
ing 5 hits, striking out 5 and walking 3.

Williamsport is becoming quite regular with
his home runs

Score by innings follows:

R. HUE.
Shed:ciizoi o 503032 110 0 10=—4 55450
Ninthise bt es 2:15:2:010:10=537150

Home runs Williamsport; 7471.
Umpire Andy

Printers 0—Cubs 12

Heavy hitting by the Cubs, coupled with
first class pitching by Boyd, spelled defeat for
the Printers by the score of 12—0.

Boyd on the mound for the Cubs, was master
at all stages of the game, allowing but 3 hits
walking 1 and fanning 9.

Big Slim was found for 18 hits fanned 6 and
walked 3.

The fielding of Jacoby, Jordan, Albie and
Taylor and the wonderful pitching of Boyd
featured.

RUHGE

Cubsso it o 0% 01202133—12180
Printerssg ot aai: 00000000—0 3 3
Doubles Jacoby 2 Mack, Jordan Boyd,

Yellow 3, Reds, Whity.
Umpires Mack and Jack.

Bakers 10—Cooks 2

In a game marked with heavy hitting the
Bakers slaughtered the Cooks, the final score
being 10 to 2.

Jacoby, in the box for the Bakers, proved he
still possessed a very dangerous wing, allowing
7 hits, struck out 11, passed 5 and one hit by a
pitched ball.

The Bakers fcll on the curves of Banks the
Cooks pitcher finding him for 18 hits. He fan-
ned 8, passed 2, and one hit by a pitched ball.
Hump, stared at first base making a fortunate
one handed grab.

Hagy and Big Jchn, won the honors with
the stick, both credited with a home run,
Jordon featured in base-stealing.
Umpire—Mack.

Diamond Dust

Those Cubs are regular “Bears.”’

The Printers have hit the skids. “Oh, boy.”’

Albie and Brownie have decided to play with
the Cubs after a little coaxing.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The usual well pleased audience witnessed
the closing entertainment of the H. F. C. on
Saturday afternoon last. The following pro-

gramme was rendered:
Overture

H. F. C. Orchestra

Juggling Act B 6650
Vocul Selections B 7591
Sketch (Comic) B 7717—B7462
The Fakir & Showman etc. B 7766
Original Songs B 8086

Sketch (Comic)

Act by Musical Specialty Co.
~ Piano Solo Prof. Wiegandt, Jr.

It is quite difficult to decide between 7717
and 7195 as to who has scored the greatest hit
in this series of entertainments. At the opening
of the entertainment B 7819, Representative
Delegate, introduced the new Vice President,
A 8432, who expressed his app}'e(tiation of the
honor conferred upon him. Chaplain Joseph
Welch was present and gave the boys one of his
usual interesting and amusing talks, and it may
be remarked right here, that our Chaplain knows
a thing or two and no mistake about it. The
H.F.G.Orchestra, under the direction of B 6252,
deserves particular mention for the excellent
music rendered during the course of these en-
tertainments. It is conceded on all sides that
the thanks of the members of the club is due
the Warden, the Club’s Officers, the Entertain-
ment Committee and all other persons who in
any way assisted in making these entertainments
the success that they were. The Chajrman of
the Entertainment Committee also extends his
thanks to all of those who gave their time and
talent to help bring about these good times-
Great things are promised for next season*
Next Saturday, May 6th, the H. F. C. basebal|
season will be inaugurated, and will continue
throughout the summer on Saturday afternoon.
Right here the Officers of the club wish to state
that on the good behavior and conduct of the
members themselves, depends the continuance
of this privilege. Both the Warden and Reuben
C. McKenty have issued orders that all mem-
bers must act as gentlemen. No profanity er
loud and vulgar talk, either addresed to the
players or among themselves, or talking to pri-
soners through the 12th Block windows will be
permitted; in short no rowdyism of any kind
will be tolerated. These orders are imperative
and any member offending will forfeit the priv-
ilege of goingout. The members will be divided
into three sections, thus allowing all to see a
game each three weeks. The blocks and gal-
leries will go out as follows:—1st week, Ist B,
8th B, 4th Gal., 6th B, and Gallery.

—B 7819,B 5602, Rep. Del.

B 7195—B 7478

World’s Hurdle Record Broken

From San Franciso, it is learned that Fred-
erick W, Kelly, international champion high
hurdler last week Saturday broke the world’s
record for the 220 low hurdles ona curved
track, making itin 24 2-5 secondsin a sanct-
ioned exhibition race. The previous records
was 24 2-5 seconds. established in 1908 and
equaled last year by Kelly.
