---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_077.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

| THE UMPIRE

Edlted and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, May 10, 1916

NO. 19

IMMENSE NEW SHIPYARD IN
COURSE OF CONSTRUCTION

It is learned from good authority that pre-
liminary work has been started on the new
shipyard of the Sun Shipbuilding Company, a
$5,000,000 corporation which will establish one
of the most modern yardsin the country, in
the upper end of Chester. The company owns
50 acres of land at this point and has a 1500-
foot frontage on the Delaware.

The Philadelphia and Reading Railway
started Saturday to lay sidings over the pro-
perty. Work on the ways, bulkheads and
wharf will be begun as soon as permission is ob-
tained from the Board of Commissioners of
Navigation, which will meet on May 18.

GRAND PAGEANT FOR ADVERTIS-
ING CLUBS IN JUNE

Information at hand assuresus thatcomplete
plans for the convention of the associated Ad-
vertising Clubs of the World, to be held here
in June, were passed upon last week by the
members of the Poor Richard Club Convention
Committee, at a dinner in the Clubhouse 239-
41 South Camac street.

Particular interest has centred about plans
fora pageant to be held June 6 It has been
reported that 240 members and associates of
the Poor Richard Club will parade in the Club
section. The marches
training in the First Regiment Armory.

H. F. C. BASEBALL SEASON OPENS

The Honor and Friendship Club’s basebal
season was officially inaugurated on Saturday
afternoon last, May 6th, with the most inspir-
ing demonstration ever witnessed within the
walls of this institution in its history. In spirit
and enthusiasm it surpassed many an occasion
similar in character to be seen on the outside.
Fully four hundred men were in line, and headed
by the E. S. P. band of forty pieces under the
direction of Professor Wiegandt they left the
point of formation and marched ar.-und the en-
tire institution. The Stars and Stripes were in
evidence throughout the entire line. First came
Vice president A 8432, chief marshall and other
H. F. C. officers as aides, then the band, next
Representative Delegates 7819 and 5602 fol-
lowed by Prof. Wiegandt Jr., bearing the club
pennant upon which was displayed the club
letters H. F. C. Directly following was the H.
F. C. baseball team and other players; then
came B 6252 (director) and the members of the
H. F. C. Orchestra carrying a mammoth Amer_
jcan flag; finally the inmate contingent, each
block or gallery being under the personal charge

(Continued on fourth page)

have already begun

JUDGE BEN B. LINDSEY
SERIOUSLY ILL

From a Denver, Col., report we learn that
Judge Ben B. Lindsey, of Juvenile Court fame,
who was operated on recently for the removal
of a tumor from his back, lies critically ill at
his home there, and his friends are greatly
alarmed over his condition.

What was thought to be insignificant growth
turned out to be a tumor as large as a grape-
fruit. For two days Judge Lindsey’ arms were
paralyzed as a result of the operation. He has
become weak through loss of blood and a high
fever. Should Judge Lindsey’s condition take
a turn for the worst, his loss would be keenly
felt by all interested in modern methods of
juvenile court reform.

PHILADELPHIA TO HAVE AN JLLU-
MINATED TOWER

Officials of the Bureau of City Property ad-
vertised last week for bids on guilding the City
Hall tower. Whether it shall be a golden or
silver hue well depend upon the decision of the
Art Jury.

Chief McLaughlin of the Electrical Bureau,
is arranging for the illumination of the tower
for the convention of the Advertising Clubs of
the World, to be held here in June. The paint-
ing of the tower and statue with a solution of
aluminum would greatly increase the brilliancy
of the illumination. Charles Curtis Harrison
said the Art Jury had reached no decision.

To-day and To-morrow Civic
EXpOSltlon to Have a“Church of Glass”

A ““Church of Glass’ exhibit,costing $10’
000 will be a feature of the Philadelphia To-day
and To-morrow Civic Exposition. It will show
the growth in membership and other data in
connection with the development of 300 Phila-
delphia churches. Booths containing charts
will demonstrate how the congregations have
increased their membership.

The Exposition will open on May 15th and
continue until June 10th.

Bishop Garland Retarns Much

Improved in Health

. The Episcopal inmates will be glad to learn
that the Rt. Rev. Thomas J. Garland,
Bishop Suffragan of the Protestant Episcopal
Diocese of Pennsylvania, who confirmed a large
class at the E.S. P. Chapellast fall, returned
to the city last week after a six months’ leave
of absence spent in New Mexico and California.
Mrs. Garland accompanied him. The Bishop
said his health had improved and that he was
ready to resume his duties.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games
Printers 13—Ninth 2

Misplays were largely responsible for the
Ninth defeat at the hands of the Printers.
Hagy, preformed in real “*Alexander’’ style,.

holding the Ninth to 3 hits, while his team-
mates were pounding Charley for 16 hits.

The heavy artiliery of the Printers hammer-
ed Charley hard; being replaced by Mac in the
5th frame, who tried hard to win a losing

game.
Slats, the first string catcher for the Printers,

played a good game at the initial sack.
Clever fielding by Jacoby and Jack
former Shed manager featured.
Score by innings as follows:

the

Home Run—Lefty.

Doubles— Hagy 3; Slats; Jim; Buck.
Umpire Jack.

Cubs 4 —Shed 3

In a pitchers battle the Cubs wuon from the
Shed by the score of 4 to 5.

Moony of the Cubs struck out 14 of the 24
Shed batters that faced him, and did not al-
low a single hit, but walked fcur.

Logan for the Shed allowed only two hxts,
walked 2, and three strike outs.

The game was well played throughout, but
many poor decisions by the Umpire tended to
lessenr the interest of the game

““Happy’ of the Shed, startl.d the spectators
in the 6th inning by successfuily stealing home.

Score by innings as follows:

REET Sk
Euhctess - Ln b 20101000—42 2
Shed-——= w2 0 1.0 10100301 ¢

Umpire—Andy.

Wednesday’s Games

Printers 3 - Shed 2

It looked as though the Shed was going to
break its run of defeats by beating the Print-
ers.

The Shed scored its first run in the 2nd inning,
and the score remained 1 to O until the 7th;
then Jimmy Winter pitching for the Shed,
weakened and walked 6 men, forcing in 2 runs,
then Slats of the Printers singled sccring
another; totaling three.

The Shed scored another run in the &th, but
was unable to overcome the lead taken by the
Printers.

Big John (7976) pitched a no hit game for
the Printer’s had 8 strike outs and walked 2.

(Continued on fourth page)
