---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_078.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

_—

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its

readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
{s desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413; Editor.

Philadelphia, May 10, 1916

PrisON PopPULATION—Males 1427. Females
24. Total 1451 Last serial number B 8242.

CRIME AS A DISEASE

There is a strong indication that the think-
ing public is considering a change from the
present unstaisfactory jury system of trial of
criminal cases to a more up to date and scien-
tific way of handling the same. In a recent
article in one of the leading periodicals, Dr.
Victor C. Vaughn, Dean of the Medical School,
University of Michigan, expresses his view on
the subject in which he says:

*Did you ever hear of a doctor sending a sick
man to a hospital with instructions that he be
kept there six months or ten years and then
discharged as cured?

“What would you think of a doctor who
would send a patient to a hospital for one, ten
or twenty-five years without medical attention
from him or any other doctor?

“Then why should judges send men to prison
for from one to fifty years and immediately
feel at liberty to wash their hands of the whole
thing? The criminal is a sick man, the prison
is his hospital and the judges who sentence him
is his physician. A judge has no more right to
hold himself unaccountable for a criminal’s
recovery than hasa physician a right to send a
patient to a hospital for a certain length of
time, and then completely neglect him.

““When the criminal judge is off the bench
his place is in the prison studying thesick man
and the effects upon that patient of the treat-
ment he has ordered It should be within the
province of that judge-physician to change the
treatment when he considersa change advisable

“In the trial of criminals the jury system
has proved a failure; instead of a jury, crimin-
als should be tried by a bench of three expert
criminologists. There should be special insti-
tutions where criminology is taught, and where
all lawyers, desiring to fit themselves {or crim-
inal judgeships, would be compelled to spend
time in study to» become expert modern crim-

inologists They must regard the criminal as
a sick man. He must be studied psycholcgic-
ally,

““I would have all prison pardon boards a-

bolished. It is the man who has sentenced the
prisoner who is the best judge as to whether
the prisoner is sufficiently recovered to merit
a parole or a pardon. I would have all prison
sentences indeterminate. A prisonershould be
kept in the penitentiary until the trained crim-
inologist says he is ready to be released.”

THE VALUE OF TIME

Some one has said that ‘‘lifeis a series of
guesses.”” Perhapsthat may be true; but there
is one point in life in which a ‘‘guess’”’ plays
no part, and that is in ‘‘making good.”” In
youth the future to us wasa world unexplored,
with no time limit. But after forty-five the
scene changes, and we look into the future
though wiser eyes, for time has caused boundry
lines to arise. In looking back we see oppor.
tunities missed—we recall things done which
we ought not to have done—and things left un-
done which we ought to have done. Perhaps
we may add long hours and intensified labor
which proved unavailing, though to our credit-

At this period we are at the crest of the hill,
and the game may be said to be half over. In
order to win from now on we must capitalize
the furture with experiences of the past, and
we cannot afford to put off until to-morrow
the things that should be done to-day.

No opportunity should be allowed to slip
lightly by; for there is a time-limit and every
day, hour, minute, is lessening just that much,
our chance of totaling up a good score in the
great play of ‘‘making good.”” We can’t af-
ford to lose any more of the precious minutes,
hours, or days; we must make sure that all our
time will count.

The year with its three hundered and sixty-
five precious days—the most valuable days of
our life—slips by and we cannot bring them
back. So we must know that they all count in
the summing up. On close observation, we
will find that a large percentage of life’s fail-
ures is due—not to lack of ambition, hard
work, or ability, but rather to each man’s
ignorance of the value of time.

A LOVING TRIBUTE

In a humble vine-clad cottage situated in the
little town of W———, there dwells an elderly
lady whose life of three score and fourteen years
has been burdened with more than the usual
amount of lifes” troubles. Yet amid the lights
and shadows she has maintained a calm sere-
nity of spirit that is closely akin to the divine.
But greatest of all her sorrows was the blow
that came when her favorite son was tempted and
fell, and became amendable to the laws’ stern
decree. Here too, her sanitly patience sustained
her from despair, and in quietude and hope she
awaits the nearing end of worldly -griefs and
cares.,

Like a ray of brightest sunshine there came
to her on Thursday last, a beautiful bouquet of
seveniy-four pure white carnations, each one
expressive of the love and affection of the son
who erred, but never failed in his tenderest
love for a devoted mother.

ARE YOU THE CHAP?
by E. A. Brininstool.

Someone’s always feeling blue.
Are you the chap?

Someone don’t know what to do.
Are you the chap?

Someone sees disaster pending:

Someone’s trials are extending;

Someone’s woes are never-ending.
Are you the chap?

Someone’s always out of luck.
Are you the chap?
Someone lacks backbone and pluck.
Are you the chap?
Someone always is repining;
Someone all the time is whining;
Someone sees no bright sun shining.
Are you the chap? ;

Someone never gives a smile.
Are you the chap?
Someone’s grouchy all the while.
Are you the chap?
Someone’s always cross and sour;
Someone’s grumpy every hour;
Someone doubts God’s saving power.
Are you the chap? '

Someone laughs the whole day long.
Are you the chap?

Someone’s lips are wreathed in song.
Are you the chap?

Someone’s heart binds ours the tighter;

Someone makes our burdens lighter.

Someone makes this old world brighter.
Are you the chap?

SCIENTIFIC NOTES

An easy way to locate a splinter under the
finger nail is to go into a dark room and place
the fleshy part of the finger against the lens of
a pocket flashlight. The light will plainly show
the location of the splinter through the nail.

The soap-berry tree which grows in the
humid parts of Ecuador, attaining a height of
about 50 feet, produces large quantities of fruit
whose skin and pulp are so saponaceous that
they are used instead of soap by many of the
people living there. The secds which are
quite hard are polished and used for buttons
on men’s clothing in England and Spain. They
are also used as beads.

The experience of French soldiers in the Eu-
ropean war has demonstrated that milk is one
of the most powerful stimulants known. So
beneficial have been the results obtained from
its use that the government has urged the sale
of milk instead of soft drinks to soldiers off duty
for rest and recreation behind the trenches, The
great advantage of this fluid as a drink for
fighting men lies in the fact that it stimulates
them effectively, ncither befogging their
minds, dulling their sense or effecting the
steadiness of their nerves. '

No one is too poor to be respected.
