---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_079.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

e ———— R ...,
e ——————

JUST MERE MENTION

James Speyer is a Philanthropist as well as
a banker. He is interested in many hospitals,
settlements, and charity organizations.

2

Henry Lee Higginson, the Boston banker, is

a clever author and frequently contributes ar-

ticles to popular magazines on various subjects.
¥ %

Benjamin F. Bush, president of several rail-

roads, hates dress-suitsand has no use for valets.

He draws a salary of $100,000 and smokes ci-

gars which are reputed to be as black as the
roof of a round house.

S
Henry P. Davison, member of the J. Pier-
pont Morgan firm, .is a tireless worker and
often remains at his desk long after the men
under him have gone home.

54
Alfred Wiggins, president of the Chase Na-

tional Bank, has a remarkable memory. He-

has a vast fund of knowledge always on tap re-
garding the credit of industrial concerns.

S

Professor Michael I, Pupin, of Columbia
University, as a boy ran away from school to
work in the shops. He came back though, and
finished inColumbia at twenty-five. Some of his
inventions have brought him both wealth and
fame.

&

Former Vice-president Charles Warren Fair-
banks used to carry four or five different hats
when he went on a campaign tour to speak
from the rear end of a train, ‘

In cities when the populace was of a char-
acter that would expect to see a great man in
a high hat, and would be disgruntled if he wore
anything else, Fairbanks made good in a fine,
expensive silk hat. In smaller cities he wore
a neat but conservative gray Alpine affair, and
through the rural districts an old tramped-on-
looking crush hat Bv having a different kind
of hat for every kind of locality, he always fit-
ted into the picture satisfactorily without the
annoyance of changing the rest of his clothes.

S

Senator Hoke Smith, of Georgia, is one of
the best offhand sleepers that State has pro-
duced. He is a man who seldom relaxes when

- he is awake, but when it comes to sieeping he
can get under way on short notice. If he has
a little spare time on a train or street car he'l]
look at his watch, snap it shut, and say to
himself: “I might as well sleep a while.”” A
minute and a half later he will be sound asleep.

And he is equally keen at getting awake. If
his nap takes place on a street car and he
wishes to wake up twenty minutes later, in
time to get off at a certain corner, he simply
sets a little imaginary alarm clock in the back
of his head and gets awake right on the dot.

Seek, and ve shall find; Knock, and nothing
shall be opened unto you.

- BOIL IT DOWN

If you’ve got a thought that’s happy
Boil it down;
Make it short and crisp and snappy—
Boil it down.
When your brain its coin has minted,
Turn the page your pen has printed,
If you want your effort printed
Boil it down.

Take out every surplus letter—
Boil it down;
Fewer syllables the better—
Boil it down.
Make your meaning plain—express it,
So we’ll know, not merely guess it—
Then, my friend, ere you address it,
Boil it down.

Cut out the extra trimmings—

Boil it down;
Skim it well, then skim the trimmings,

Boil it down.
When you’re sure ’twould be a sin
To cut another letter out,
Send it on—and we’ll begin to

Boil it down.

—L. A. W. Bulletin

A FEW WORDS TO CORRESPONDENTS

Utilizing the power of observation is one of
the most valuable assests in life, and through
the lack of it many are prone to failure.

It would not seem difficult to note that the
Umpire is a small paper of limited space. Such
being the case it is quite out of the question to
print lengthy articles. Bear in mind that
much of the world’s finest literature has been
passed to us in comparatively small articles of
from one hundred to five or six hundred words,

No one wants to wade through a long winded
article of small merit simply for the pleasure of
reading. If you have anything worth while to
say, ‘‘boil itdown,'’ and express your thoughts
in the fewest possible words, so that he who
reads may “sit up and take notice’’ of what
you have to say.

A new type of car wheel, designed to be as
nearly noiseless as possible, consists of a wheel
within a wheel, the two being separated by a
layer of rubber which serves to absorb the
shocks Among the advantages claimed for
the wheel whi: h is being tricd out ona number
of railroads are that, besides being practically
noiseless, it is more durable than oidinary
wheels, reduces shocks on rolling stock and
rails and adds to the comforts of passengers.

Scientific investigations indicate that solar,
changes are intimately associated with climatic
or weather changes which occur in cycles or
series of years an | scientists now believe that
by studying the records of the pyrheliometer—
an instrument for measuring and recording the
energy given off by the sun in connection with
weather conditions in different parts of the
world—it will be possible to predict accurately
wet and dry and hot and cold seasons several
years in advance.

BORROWED MIRTH

Jim—Both those fellows are after that rich
heiress.

John—Giving hera race for her money, eh?

o

Jaffery—How do you suppose that dear old
man remembered exactly how much he paid
for his gold tooth, which he bought 40 years
ago?

Agnes—Why, I s’pose he carried it in his
head.

S

There recently entered a Washington shop
a dusky person who announced that he wished
to purchase a razor.

““‘Safety?’’ asked the clerk.

“No, suh,’’ was the decided response. I de-
sires it fo’ social usage.”’

S

““I bet my father has killed more people than
your father has,”’ said the boy in the sailor
suit. ““My father is captain of a battleship.”

““That’s nuthin’,”’ retorted the boy in the
red sweater. ‘‘My father’s chauffeur of a
United States mail truck.”’

5
“My friends,”” exclaimed the eloquent min-
ister, “‘were the average man to turn and look
himself squarely in the eyes and ask himself
what he really needed most, what would be the
first reply suggested to his mind?”’
“A rubber neck!” shouted the precocious
urchin in the rear of the room.
S
‘““Please, ma’am,’’ said the small boy on
the doorstep, ‘‘ma says kin she borrow a can
o’ mustard.”’
““Certainly:’”’” replied the housewife. ‘‘Is
mamma going to make salad?”’
““No, ma’am,’’ declared the veracious child,
“but pa said she gave him a pain in the neck
an’ she wants ter sock a plaster on him.”’
S5
“Please, Mrs. Shea,’’ said the little girl from
the house next door, ‘‘mother says would you
be kind enough to come over and take care of
baby for a while?”’
“Why, certainly,’’
your mother ill?”’ :
“No’m, but she's writing a paper on ‘The -
Proper Care of Infants’ and she's afraid she
won’t be able to get it done in time to read
it before the mothers’ Club tomorrow after-

replied Mrs. Shea. “‘Is

noon.”’

S

They were standing at the front gate.

““Won’t you come into the parlor and sit a
little while, Georgie, dear?’’

*“No-o, I think not,”” replied George hesi-
tatingly.

** I wish you would,”’ the girl went on; “it’s
awful lonesome. Mother has gone out and fa-
ther is upstairs groaning with rheumatism in
the legs.”’

“Both legs?'’ asked Georgie.

“Yes, both legs.”

* Then I’ll come in.”’
