---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_080.jpg
---
4

e ————————— e

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE
WL Bct. Weeil i Pety

Printers 9 2 818 Cubs 6 5 545
Ninth 7 4 636 Shed 0F 11272000

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
Weee - Pet! W. Lo Bect.
Brooklyn 10 4 714 Phila. 88T 500)
Boston QS BSR66'7 St. Louis 10 10 500
Chicago: © 118 =574 Pittsburg 8 12 400
Cinn. 11 10 524 New York 2 13 133

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W. Lo Pct. Wi e Pet;
Clev’land 15 7 682 Detroit 1 QESHIEISSA76
Wash’ton 11 8 579 Chicago 1OS3a 435
New York 11 8 579 StEFEouis e =] 1 SN339
Boston 10 11 476 Athletics 7 12 368

(Continued from st page)

Jimmy for the Shed walked 10, struck out 3
and allowed 3 hits.
Score by innings as follows:

Shed ===~ 0.0 1.0
Printers it 0000
Two base hit— Hagy.

Umpires—Slim and Andy.

Ninth 10—Cubs 2

Harvey’s contingent of baseball players, the
Ninth block team, assaulted the fast Cub team
and took them into camp by a score of 10—2.

Mack was in the pitcher’s box for the Ninth
and showed mid-ceason form allowing 4 hits, 6
strike-outs and passed 1.

Albie and Boyd for the Cubs, were touched
for 12 hits, fanned 12 and walked 2.

Boyd started strong, but the Ninth got after
him in the sixth, and pounded him for 6 runs,
enough to win the game.

Petrillo and Bobby starred in the inner garden_

Taylor and Walter led in batting for the Cubs,
while Chick, the Ninth third baseman, featured
the game with a home run, a double and two
singles in 4 times at the bat.

Score by innings as follows:

Home run—Chick.

Three base hit—Mac.

Two Base hits—Lucky, Chick, Stump, Mac,
Fingers, Ginger, Boyd, Tavlor.

Umpires Mack and Marty.

Friday’s Games

Printers 5—Shed 4

The Shed again met defeat at the hands of
the Printers, by the score of 5—4%.

Logan started the game in the box for the
Shed but was replaced in the third inning by
Banks, who took hold of the game when the
score was 2—0 in the Printers favor, and three
men on base. He walked the first man up
forcing in a run and scored another on a hit.

The Shed scored 2 runs in the 3rd by heavy
hitting, and finished strong in the 8th by scor-
ng 2 more runs.

THE UMPIRE

Slim on the mound for the Printers had 7
strikeouts’ walked 5 and allowed 8 hits
Score by innings as follows:

RIGELES [
Shed e ST 0020000 2—4 8 1
Printerss e 180 3E0T0N =0 10=5"S ]

Two base hits—Slats 2; Buck; Evans; Bill
Umpires Mack and Andy.

Ninth 10—Cubs 7

The Ninth piled up a commanding lead over
the Cubs, in the first three innings of the game,
and won by the score of 10—7

Bobby did not prove effective, and was re-
lieved by Boyd, in the fourth frame. 9 hits, 9
strikeouts, and 6 passes were recorded against
them.

Harvey’s choice on the slab was Mack, who
was found for 10 hits, 6 strikeouts, and passed
4.

The feature of the Ninths attack was the
fielding of Carrol and Pettrili; while Chick led
at bat.

Taylor and Albie played well for the Cubs.

Score by innings as follows:

R I E.
Crbs, o f TNy 0L A a7 00
Ninth L ne s et 403 10010508 B

Doubles—Charley; Lucky; Carrol; Chick 2;
Mack; Taylor.
Umpires—Slim and Harry.
H. F. C. 15—8 Blocks

The Honor Club won its opening game by .

winning from a picked team by the score of 15
—8.

Williamsport on the mound for the Blocks
was touched up for 18 hits and walked 13.

Charlie for the Honor Club carried away
batting honors, hittinga 1.000 out of five
times at bat. Rube had a single, and double
and walked twice out of five times at bat.

7470 pitching for the Honor Club allowed 5
hits and walked 13.

Both pitchers seemed to have trouble in find-
ing the plate.

Bakers 8—Cooks 7

The Bakers again put it over on the Cooks
last Saturday, by the score of 8—7.
Big John did the twirling for the Bakers,
while Blackie performed for the Ccoks.
Chick easily featured the game, with 3
doubles and a single in five times at bat.
Umpire—Mack.

Batting Averages of Players Batting .300 and
Over, Including Games of May 5.

No. Name Ach e it s P
B 7846 Taylor 32 16 .500
B 7664 Jacoby Sl 17 460
B7471 Chick 35 16 460
B 7685 Hagy 36 16 444
B 6353 Jore Sl IR 419
B 6507 Slats 17 i 412
B 6453 Boyd 25 10 400
B 5807 Lefty 14 6 357
B 7387 Mac 23 8 .348
B 6883 Reds 29 9 .310

B 6286 Secretary

Honor Club Notes
(Continued from first page)

of their respective delegates. Every man in
line carried a small American flag, giving the
procession quite a gala day appearance; smiles
and good order prevailed everywhere. Upon
arriving at the garage grounds the parade was
disbanded. Warden Robert J. McKenty who
was present had the honor of tossing the first
ball out, which was the signal for the game to
begin. The score and details of the game will
be found elsewhere in these columns. At the
close of the game a bugle call was sounded by
cornetist B 6765 as a signal to fall in line and
to the sound of drum (by B 7488) and cornet
the members formed into a double Jine and
marched in without disorder or confusion. The
attention of the members is again called to the
orders as published last week and further mem-
bers are cautioned to remain on the groundsand
not to attempt to stroll all over the yard. We
have a good thing: let us all help to hold on to
it, for on our conduct depends everything. 1f
the members do their part by good behavior, it
may be possible to divide them into two sec-
tions instead of three, giving each section a
game every other week. The parade will be re-
peated each Saturday until each section has
been out. The following notice has been issued .
by the club officials:
““A Word of Warning”’

It is the strict duty, and the determined in-
tention, of the Officers and delegates to guard
jealously every privilege that is tendered by
the Warden to the H.F.C. Any man who
tries in anyway to infringe or break any rule
or makes the first move to do those things that
they are told and warned not to do, will find to
their sorrow that they will not have the second
chance to hurt or mar the pleasure or privileges
of the Club or its good name.”” ‘‘Nuf Sed.”’
Next Saturday the 12th block, 1st and 2nd gal_
leries; the 3rd, 9th, 10th and 11th blocks will

g0 out. Rep. Del. B 7819, B 5602.

TREASURER’S REFORT
B 6689, Treasurer.
Receipts and Disbursements of the Honor and
Friendship Club.
Treasurer’s report May 3, 1916.
Receipts, shown in previous reports $708.55

Contribution and repayments 77.29
Commission on Sales. 4.49
Sale of old paper. 95 12
Magazine subcribtions. 15.70
Magazine sales. 1.20
Miscellare: us. 5.10
907.45
Disbursements:

Shown in previous reports. 523.65
Gifts, donations and charities 187.75
Education and recreation 25.35
Comiuissiorns paid. 14.80
Paid for magazines. 29.59
Miscellaneous purchases. 100.50
4 expenses. 1:95

To balance. £3.86

907.45
