---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_081.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

| THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, May 17, 1916

NO. 20

OPENING OF WHELEN MEMO-
RIAL HOME FOR WOMEN

The
Whelen Home for Girls, at Baring street on
Friday last, was due the splendid efforts of a
group of Philadelphia ladies who have labored
earnestly for the past fifteen years to help the
unfortunate women who have served a prison
sentence. '

The Door of Blessing, as the Memorial Home
is known, opens its doorsto the women who
has fallen, and will aim to give her a ‘‘square
deal’”’” and save her from ‘‘dope’’ and the ‘‘old
pals.”” The work has been carried on in
temporary homes in the past and many incon-
veniences interfered with the results desired.

The home, which was dedicated at Baring
street; has been bought through the efforts of
Miss A. M. Dupree, a prison worker who has
helped many inmates of this institution, with
the co-operation of the officers of the Door of

Blessing. The homeis dedicated to the first
president of the society, who died about six
years ago.

““We aim to give a practical lesson in what a
home should mean,’’ said Miss Dupree in tell-

ing of her plan of regeneration for the unfortu-

uate girls.

There i3 nothing of the institution type about
the home. It is furnished like the residence of a
family with moderate means. The smiling
woman in charge, Miss ‘Gertude Brown, is not
called a matron, because it was explained,
matrons have charge of prisons. Instcad she
is known as the house mother.

During the last year only 14 of the 92 girls
who found shelter at the fo:mer headquaters at
33rd and Wallace Street, returned to their old

haunts.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The second section of the H. F. C. were
given a little surprise, as well as exercise, on
Saturday afternoon last, by haviig the privil-
ege of another parade of the club around the
institution. The line of formation was asfol-

lows.
B 8158 American Flag B 7963 H. F.C. Pen-

ant. ' o

A 8432 Vice president-Chief Marshall.

Club officers B 6393-7933, Aides, Representa-
tive.

Delegates B 7819-5602. Prof. Wiegandt and
B S B. Band. '

H. F. C. Baseball Team.

B 6252 and H. F. C. Oichestra carrying the

huge American Flag.
B-7195 the H. F. C. comedian who was in

(Continued on last page)

opening of the Mignonette Violett

CIVIC EXPOSITION OPENS TO
LARGE CROWDS ON MONDAY

IT is so Big That it Cannot be Covered
in a Day

The extensive Today and To-morrow Civic
Exposition opened its doors to the public at 11
o'clock Monday morning, on the receipt of a
wireless telegram from President Wilson. Evi-
dence of careful planning on an extensive scale
was to be noticed onall sides, the principalidea
being to make Philadelphia stand out as an
ideal place for manufacturers, and as a city of
homes for all people, rich or poor. In fact a
place in which poverty, disease, or sickness
are to be avoided. :

Most noticeable is the excellent order and
cleanliness wliich marks the exhibition, speak-
ing well for those in charge.

One of the principal exhibits is that of the
Eastern Penitentiary. The fine display work
of the inmates of this institution augures well
for the future of the prisoners, as wel as for
an expansion in prison reform methods.

LOOKS LIKE WAR
WITH MEXICO

Latest report from Washington, D. C. states
that Americans throughtout Mexico are being
warned to leave that country at once.

Secretary of State Lansing, made it plain that
the orders to American Consuls to urge therr
countrymen to return immediately to the U. S.
were not conffned to any particular localities.
He sai‘l the orders were issued to Consulsevery-
where in Mexico.

The orders of the Secretary also gave to  the
Consuls authority to leave Mexico when it be-
comes necessary for their safety, without wait-
ing for specific orders from the State Depart-
ment.

The last census of Americans in Mexico,
taken by the State Department six weeks ago,
showed less than 3000 in the entire country.

The War Department has plans perfected to
call out the entire National Guard of the
country if the necessity arises. The Quarter-
master’s Department is in touch with the rail-
road companies, and at certain points equip-
ment is being held in readiness for an emer-
gency.

It- is ¢xpected that the next troops to be
called out will be the cavalry forces of the
various States. Cavalry is still badly needed
by General Funston.

Futher indication that the American army
operations are under way for an extended
campaign, are in evidence, though details
are lacking, owing to orders from, headquartes

" not to discuss the Mexican embrailio.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games
Printers 4—Shed 5

The Shed has finally ridden itself of a *‘Jinx’’
that seemed to have followed them since the
opening of the seascn, and they took the Print-
ers in to camp, in a game that was well played
throughout.

Much creditis due to the Sheds new Man-
ager Matlac, who has been untiring in his
efferts to build up a better team.

Jimmy Winters pitched a fine game for the
Shed and had the game in hand at all times;
he allowed 4 hits, walked 3 and struckout 7.

Charley for the Printers also pitched good
ball, he gave the Shed 6 hits, walked two and

L4

struck out 7.

Score by innings as follows:
R®
S el tRaEREE ey 0200110 1—5
RPrintens tate e OROSIEOROROEOROSS !
Two base hits— Jacoby; Big Bill; 7078
Umpires Slim and Andy.

Ninth 9—Cubs 8

The Ninth made it three straight victories
over the Cubs by winning a close game, 9—8.

Boyd, pitching for the Cubs was steady in
the pinches, but the loose support behind him
was turned into good advantage by the Ninth.

Charlie, started for the Ninth but was der-
ricked in the fourth stanza, yielding to Mac.

Albie made the sensational play of the season,
when he knocked down a line on drive by
Chick, making a triple play assisted by Taylor,
who also fielded well.

Pettrili led the Ninth’s attack with a double
and a triple. Walter clouted the ball, for the
circuit in the sixth frame.

Score by innings as follows:

Ho B
6 O
4 2

[

REEE

Clibs B e et o SIS =
Ninthomaes s e - e (O30S (=0

Doubles—Charley; Pet.

Triple—Pet.

Home Run—Walter.
Mack; Taylor.

Umpires—Marty and Collins.

B
il

4 :
R

Wednesday’s Games
Printers 4—Ninth 1

The Printers slipped another one over on
the Ninth, winning by the sccie of 4—1.

By heavy hitting the Printers took the lead
in the 2und inning scoring two runs. In the
same inning Mac made the only tally for the
Ninth, when he connected with one of Hagy’s
shoots for a home run.

(Continued on fourth page)
