---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_082.jpg
---
2

e ——y

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at-the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413; Editor.

Philadelphia, May 17, 1916

PrisoN PopurLATION—Males 1433. Females
24. Total 1457 Last serial number B 8253.

WHERE THE REAL BLAME LIES

1t is beyond question that many saloons are
owned by the brewery interest. Thisbeing the
case, most of the saloon keepers are simply
tenants. Now the question is, do these all power-
ful interests actually demand of their tenants
that they dispose of a specified quantity of
beer each week, or in event of failure to come
up to the required amount, to seek another
tenant who can ‘‘fill the bill.”

In that event the saloon keeper has but one
way, which is to maintain the agreed upon
amount of beer to be sold, or to retireand be
followed by another who can.

That would seem to require a means of stim-
ulaing trade, and the dealer must be in a posi-
tion to sell to many who are not situated so
as to handle the ‘‘goods’’ successfully to the
advantage of their well being.

We remember when prohibition was a great
effort to surpress the use of intoxicants. But
the prohibition of to-day seems to be an effort
against the abuse of certain privieges or rights.
No doubt you may find in these suggestion a
few reasons for the great advance made in the
cause of prohibition of late.

Unquestionably there are some who may con-
sider the present crusade as a half-baked plan,
or an unjustifiable invasion of industrial and of
personal rights. But the best answer to that
would seem to be that there are many, many
thousands more who are making a mighty
protest against what the liquor interests are
compelling them to bear.

It would appear that as this glorious country
is built up of earnest, sober-minded people, it
would be only just to assume that the man in
public office or out of office, who fails to help
put an end to the saloons that fail to observe
the best interest of the community, that man,
whether in office or out of office has failed of
his moral duty, and is really more to be cen-
sured than the liquor dealer or the brewer.

One task well done is far better than half a
dozen unfiinished.

THE UMPIRE

STDIDN ESTHINK®

It is true that man seldom, if ever goes
wrong when he thinks—thinksright.—It is also
none the less true that he often does go wrong,
which is proof that he does not think. If one
seeks to do evil without reasoning out the
consquences, he simply does’nt think;he takes
a chance. All our experiences tells us which
way we should go, but we often fail to call into
play these stabilizers, of thought as we should.

Time and-again you may hear a man say, “I
didn’t think.”” Which recalls to mind the old
axiom ‘‘to think well is to do well.”’

With the vast amount of good literature to
draw upon from many public libraries and
other sources you would imagine that only
the half—whit would use the expression, ‘I
did’'nt think.”” And yet it greatly surprises you
at times, to hear that expression coming from a
person who should feel bhelittled in saying, I
didn’t think. What a confession to make
public!

in

LIVE WIRE THOUGHTS

Thoughts are things—little tHings at first—
but they soon become great engines for good
or evil. Doing right is predicated on thinking
right.

Do not promise anything until you know
that you can make good. Nothing cuts the
soul so deep and keen as the demolition of ex-
pectation— the giving of one, gratuitously, a
hope which he can never realize. The pain
thus caused, from the despair born from the
dead hope, is a tortuous death in a starless
night.

It may be important for the average prison-
er to try to get out of prison. It is vastly
more important, however, that he keep out of
prison. Every man who ccmes back to prison
disgraces himself, lessens the world’s sympathy
for the unfortunates, as well as bringing shame
and sorrow upon the head of his benefactors.

—The Prison Observer.

An important advance in the development
of radio telegraphy asa means of communication
by the Navy Department was achicved the
other day, at the Federal radio station at Ar-
lington, Va. A message to the monitor Che-
yenne at Long Beach, (al.,, was despatched
through the sending apparatus of the naval wire-
less plant at Point Loma. The sending apparatus
at Point Loma was handled exclusively by the
Arlington operator, more than 30(0 miles away
with highly satisfactory results.

One of the characteristics of modern indus-
try is the utilization of wastes that were for.
merly thrown away. One of the newer and
more surprising illustrations of thisis the ut-
ilization of the glass dust which accumulates
in the factories. This is now melted and mold-
ed into blocks, which form an extremely effi-
cient and useful material for paving ctreets.

Desire and duty seldom walk together.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o'clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services areheld at the Chapel ¢n
the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

FORGETTING AND REMEMBERING

Let us forget the things that vexed and tried us,
The worrying things that caused our soul to
fret;
The hopes that, cherished long, were still denied
us,
Let us forget.

Let us forget the little slights that pained us,
The greater wrongs that rankle sometimes
yet;
The pride with which some lofty one disdained
us,
l.et us forget.
Let us forget our brother’s fault and failing,
The yielding to temptations that beset,
Thathe, perchance, though grief be unavailing,
Cannot forget.

But blessings manifold, past all deserving,
Kind words and helpful deeds, a countless
throng,
The fault o'ercome, the rectitude unswerving,
Let us remember long.

The sacrifice of love, the generous giving,
When friends were few, the handclasp warm
and strong,
The fragrance of each life of holy living,
Let us remember long.

Whatever things are good and true and gra-
cious,
What’er of has triumphed over wrong,
What love of God or man hasrendered precious,
Let us remember long.

The strength of organized labor and its
steady gain was evidenced at the recent session
of the State Federation of Labor at Beaver
Falls, Pa. When President James M. Maurer,
of Reading, read the annual report, it showed
that in the year just closed organized labor
has made more progress in strengthening or-
ganizations and obtaining legislation than has
ever been accomplished in any two years since
its existence.

Travellers and others may be interested to
know that railroads cannot limit the amount
of their liability by statements on the back of
baggage checks that the carrier will not as-
sume liability to exceed $100, according to a
decision by the Ohio Supreme Court.

A turncoat is far more honorable than a

hypocrite.
