---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_083.jpg
---
\*—.\\M

JUST MERE MENTION

Senator Kern, of Indiana, always wears his
hat cocked jauntily a little to one side. It
matters not a whit, either, if it happens to be
a silk hat. In fact, Kern reasons, a silk hat
gives one all the more necessity to wear it at
an informal angle to take some of the curse off
the thing.

S

The story is that Senator Ollie James climbed
into a hack in Washington, driven by a colored
man, and was taken to whereverit was that he
was going. When he went to pay the driver
the fare seemed a bit high, and James de-
murred slightly.

“That ain’t much money for a po’ widow
woman,’’ remarked the driver.

““What poor widow - woman?’’

‘““Mah wife. She own this here hack.”’

“But how’s she a widow? You aren’t
dead, are you?” asked the Senator.

“No, sah, but her fust husban’, he dead,
sah.”’

2

Representative Daniel A. Driscoll, of New
York, is an undertaker.

As he was walking from the office building
over to the Capitol one morning, a little shoe.
button-eyed panhandler approached him in-
quiring.

“Mister, do you want to save a life?’’
—meaning, would Driscoll stake him to the
price of a drink.

‘“No, indeed, I’'m not in the life-saving
business,”” replied Driscoll, gaily; ‘“I’m an
undertaker.”’

And the fellow thought Driscoll was making
sport of him, whereas he was simply stating
the facts.

S

William B. McKinley, the Illinois multi-
millionare, who is back in Congress again, i%
a kind-hearted chap. A former employe, in
poor circumstances, sued McKinley’s railway
for damages. McKinley thought that the
claim was unjust and fought the case to the
highest court, where he won. Then he felt so
sorry for the other fellow that, out of his own
pocket, McKinley paid the man’s attorney feeg
and court costs, and got him a good job.

&

Representative Simeon D. Fess, of Ohio, met
an old friend in Washington, and they fell to
discussing the ravages of time, especially in
regard to loss of hair.

‘““Yes, I have a great prejudice against
being bald,’’ remarked Fess’s friend, ‘“but I
guess ['m elected.”’

‘‘Well, you know the old story about the
big flvand the little fly,”” said Fess. “The big

fly and the little fly were promenading across

an expansive bald head, and the big fly remarked
to the little fly: ‘See this fine wide boulevard
here? I canremember when it was nothing but
a narrow cow path >’

THE UMPIRE

TO DISSIPATE FOG BY ELECTRICITY

The Smithsonian Institution announces in
its last annualreport that it has made an appro-
priation to further experiments in the dissipa-
tion of fog by electricity, and that the investiga-
tions will be carried out under the general
direction of Dr. F. G. Cottrell, who has already
done much toward the practical precipitation
of dust, smoke and chemical fumes in large in-
dustrial establishments. As every reader of the
“‘Scientific American’’ knows, the idea of dis-
persing fog by electrical methods has been be-
fore the public for a number of years, though
it appears never to have reached the stage of
feasibility, on a commercial scale. The subject
has recently aroused fresh attention, particu-
larly in the neighborhood of San Francisco,
through researches planned by the University
of Califcrnia, in co-operation with the United
States Lighthouse Service. The American In-
stitute of Electrical Engineers has also ap-
pointed a committee to co-operate in this work.
According to the Smithsonian report, the es-
sential element to success seems to be some
form of electrical apparatus of very high direct
voltage, with facilities forits control and ready
application.

A FEW AMUSING STUNTS

Just stick a pin into the floor so that the
head is just visible and have someone stand
with one foot on each side of it, heels together.
The idea is to pick up the pin without bending
the knees. Most people can stayin this position
long enough to touch the fingers to the floor,
but it is quitedifficult to perform the necessary
movements in extricating the pin.

A rather well-known but very amusing trick

_ is to stand with the right shoulder and right

foot against the wall, then raise the left foot
and try to stand on the right one alone. Try
closing the fingers of one hand loosely over the
thumb and then putting the fist in the armpit,
Next slide the thumb out and try to replace it
without moving the hand. Though this is per-
fectly possible, the peculiar little strain on
the wrist is very unpleasant.

Have somebody start from the wall, measure
out five of his shoe lengths and stand facing the
wall with histoes at this point. Then tell him
to fall over till hishands touch the wall. When
heis in this helpless position, tell him to as-
sume an upright position without moving his
feet. A person with feet small in proportion
to his height has an advantage here of course,
but no one will find it easy to rise and the ex-
perimenter’s struggles are usually ludicrous in
the extreme.

Most laborers at the occasionally unfaithful
typewriter will learn with amazement, not un-
mixed with envy, that Miss Rose L. Fritz
wrote 1770 words in fifteen minutes without an
error. This is a phenominal record of which
Miss Fritz may justly feel proud.

3
BORROWED MIRTH

- Jones—Does he belong to the four hundred?
Smith—VYes; he's one of the ciphers.

o

“Pa, why is it that dentists call their offices
dental parlors?’’
“Because they are drawing-rooms, my son.’’

5
Sleigh—TI see he writes typewritten letters to
his lady.
Spy—Sure— she’s taken up studying char-
acter by handwriting. :
S
Bill—I read as ’ow that ’ere ’Indenburg ’as
got an English wife
Alf—Ah, that accounts for ’is fightin’ like ’e
does.

&

Binks—Shafer, do you know that woman
across the street?

Shafer—She certainly looks familiar. Let me
see. It’s my wife’s new dress, my mother-in-
law’s parasol—sure. It’s our cook!”’

&

“You take a great deal of pleasure in your
motor car.”’

‘“Yes, replied Mr. Chuggins ‘It takes my
mind off many of my troubles. I'm so busy
thinking about the price of gasoline that I no
longer pay any attention to the high cost of
living.”’

S

A young mother who still considers marcel
waves the most fashionable way of dressing the
hair was at work.

The precocious child was crouched on its
fathers lap, the baby fingers now and then
sliding over the smooth and glossy pate which
is father’s.

‘“No waves for you, father,”” remarked the
little one. “You’re all beach.”’

S5

A member of the corps of the British Lega-
tion said at a dinner in New York:

‘“‘Some funny stories come from the front
about our volunteer army. Two young swells
in the uniform of private soldiers were over-
heard by an officer conversing in a trench.

““‘I was intended for the ministry,’ the first
said. ‘Believe me or not, old chap, I was on
the point of being ordained last August.’

‘““‘I say! And what stopped you, then?’
inquired the other.
¢ *This war, of course,” was the reply.”’

S

The man who had made a huge fortune was
speaking a few words to a number of students
at a business class. Of course, the main theme
of his address was himself.

‘“All my success in life, all my tremendous
financial prestige,”’ he said proudly, ‘‘I owe to
one thing alone —pluck. Just take that for
your motto—pluck, pluck, pluck!”’

He made an impressive pause here, but the
effect wasruined by one student, who asked
impressively; :

“Yes, sir; but how are we to find the right
people to pluck?”’
