---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_084.jpg
---
4 THE UMPIRE
STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE The feature of the game was a home run  Score by innings as follows: At
— drive of Culp over the 5th Block roof. . H.

W. L. Pct. W. L, Pct. Score by innings as follows: : Shed=-eis te T 00130000—4 4 0
Printers 11 4 733 Cubs 8 7 5 633 RWEL L Cibs = e 200010 00—=384.0
S 0 0 00 At 2 B Shed 0000 0 0040 0 BT e S o il 1

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING CL;?Z;;,}L—;C_&LO Gi00°050 0iss=tua Bikers holtoiiae

s Waplaaiey Two base hit— Jordan. In a game that was devoid of heavy hitting,

g::;?;llyn ig 86 ggg (C:?rizago 113 11% i(i?i Umpires—Marty and Andy. _the Bakers defeated the Cooks by the score of

Phila. 12 10 545
St. Louis 13 13 500

Pittsburg 11 16 407
New York 8 13 318

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

Was o " Pet.
Clev’land 19 9 679
Wash’ton 16 9
New York 13 12 520
Boston 31 3500

WL esPety
Detroit 13 14 481
Chicago 12 16° 429
Athletics 10 15 400
St. Louis 8 1655338

(Continued from (st page)
" Charly and Mac done the pitching for the
Ninth; Charley allowing 8 hits in 5 innings and
Mac 2 hits in 2 innings.

Hagy on the mound for his team, pltched an
excellent game, having 9 strlk outs and giving
only three hits.

Jacoby took batting honors having 3 hitsand
a walk out of four times at bat.

Score by innings as follows:

R R
Bfintersee s 0¥ - 00201100—4 10 0
DN EREh et bt e 00100000—1 3 O

Doubles— Baum; Jacoby; Buck.
Home run—Mac.
Umpires—Slim and Andy.

Cubs 7 —Shed 3

In a game remarkable for its listessness, the
Cubs defeated the Shed in the first game of the
first game of the present series by the score of
60,3

Williamsport, Banks and Winters for the
Shed, were hit frequently 10 hits, 7 strikeouts
and 5 passes were recorded off the trio. -

Mooney, on the mound for the Cubs was
touched for 6 hits, while he fanned 7 and walk-
ed 3.

The inner works of the Cubs held togather
well. A long drive over the fifth block netted
Jordon a four-bagger.

Score by innings as follows:
IRESEIETS
ShedEssraina s S RORIIROROS0E—3F L 610
@it os iy Q@ &0 @0 a2 e

Home run—]Jordan.

Three base hit—Barney.

Two base hits—Albie, Pidge, Jordon.
Umpires Andy and Marty.

Friday’s Games
Cubs 4—Shed 2

The Shed was nosed out of another game in

~ the last inning of play, when the Cubs got on

to Big John’s curves and scored 3 runs,
hits and a walk in this inning.

Bobby pitching for the Cubs allowed only 4
hits struck out 6 and walked 3.

John allowed 8 hits, struck out 3 and walked
2.

on 4

‘Ninth 4—Printers 1

Superior and more timely hitting on the
part of the Ninth team gave them a victory
over the Printers by a score of 4—1.

Mac, for the Ninth pitched consistent ball,
fanning 8, and passed 1.

Slim, twirled a good game fanning 11, and
walking 1.

The Printers scored their lone tally on a bad
throw to third by Lucky.

Charley the new manager of the Ninth play-
ed a brilliant game. Lucky made a slashing
hit over the 6th Block roof good for a homer.

Score by innings as follows:

REHSE
Ninchoe3 (S 5vass Epe 111001004 41
Bripterseiss thoaiien 00010000—1 4 0

Home run—Lucky.
Doubles—Hump; Jim.
Umpire—Mack.

Monday’s Games
Printers 3—Ninth' 0

In one of the best played games of the pres-
ent season, the Printers wonfrom the Ninth
by the score of 3 to 0.

The feature of the game was the phenom-
enal pitching of Hagy; who allowed neither a
hit or run during the eight innings, he retired
the side by striking out each batter.
total of 13 strike outs.

The Printers scored their three runs in the
first inning, when they got 3 hits and a base
on balls off Charley; Macthen took the mound
and finished up in brilliant form, allowing
only two hits, having 6 strike outs and walked
three.

Score by innings as follows:

Havinga

Ninfhee s s sa ROR O N0
Rrimtiens SonsSEaETSe HSSOROS0)

Doubles—]Jacoby; Slats.
Unipires—Mack and Frank.

Shed 4—Cubs 3

An opportune three-bagger in the fouth inn-
ing by Logan with two on base, score tied, en-
abled the reorganized Shed team to defeat the
Cubs 4—3.

Bobby and Boyd, twirled for the Culs fan-
ning 5 and passed 3.

Banks and Spitz’ performing for the Shed
fanred 1 and walked 4.

Stump, Spitz.and Morgan fielded in great
shape for the Shed, while Taylor and Walter
did the honors for the Cubs.

Evans a new recruit caught a good game
for the Shed.

8=

Jim, did the twirling for the Bakers while
Banks and Jordan presided for the Cooks.

The only event worthy of note was a pretty
catch made by Morgan.

Umpire Mack.

H. F. C. 10—Blocks 6

In a game of comedy baseball the Honor
Club again won from the Blocks by the score
of 10-—6:

Big Slim and Rube were elected to do the
twirling for the Honor Club and Mooney for
the Blocks.

The pitchers on both sides were hit quite
freely and it was a game of hit and run through
out.

(Continued from first page)

line as the H. F. C. Baseball Nine’s Mascot.

Third 9th, 10th, 12th, block first and second
galleries.

The parade formed in front of the Indus-
trial Building, and to the time of excellent
music by the band, and four abreast marched
north to the Brown St. wall, thence to Corin-
thian Ave., to Fairmount Ave., to 22nd St.
to the Garage grounds when after a few selec-
tions by the Band under Prof. Wiegandt, it
dispersed and the members sought the best
points of vantage from which to witness the
game. The game was full of life, and the
spectators were kept in an uproar from start to
finish The number of brilliant plays were few,
but ludicous ones numerous. But with all it
was a creditable game, going the alotted nine
innings. The Umpire was fortunate enough to
b able to return to his block safe and sound,
and with a smile. B6765 then sounded the
assembly call, and then the fall in. falling into
line two abreast and headed by Bugler B 6765,
and Drummer B 7478 the members returned to
their blocks in an orderly manner. The at-
tention of all members is again called to the
orders regarding profane or indecent language,
it will not be tolerated, or any violation of the
rules of the Club, or the Institution, show that
the members one and all appreciate a good
thing. Avoid ‘‘knocking’ Boost instead. So
now heads up, eyes to the front, step lively.
Watch where you step, but be sure it is in the
right direction so that we may perhaps enjoy
still more and greater privileges. What do
you say? it’s up to you. Next Saturday May
29th the 4th 5th and 7th blocks and 5th and
7th galleries go out.

Mr. Dipple visited quite a few of the H. F.
C. boys last Friday he was wearing the Club
button and says he hopes to do more than ever
for the H F. C. boysin the near future.

—Rep. Del’s. B 5602—B 7819.
