---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_085.jpg
---
) .
‘ Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

VOL. V

CAMDEN’S INDUSTRIAL
AND CIVIC EXPOSITION

Following the example of Philadelphia, Cam-
den opened its doors to an extensive Civic Cel-
ebration and Industrial Expositionat the Third
Regiment Armory in that city last week
Thursday. :

The exposition is mainly for the purpose of
emphasizing Camden’s industrial greatness
and the fact that the city has attained a popu-
lation of over 100,000.

Something over one hundred lines of Cam-
den’s varied industries are shown, and the ex-
hibits are the best ever seen in that city. The
leading displays were by the N. Y. Shipbuild-
ing Co., said to be the largest of its class in
in the world; The Victor Talking Machine Co.,
the Joseph Campbell Co., the Esterbiook Steel
Pen Co., the Camden Glass Pottery Co. and
the Camden Cut Glass Co.

Judging from all reports Camden may will
fell proud of the industrial display ncw under
way.

CATHOLIC FIELD MASS AT PHILA-
DELPHIA NAVY YARD

Military field mass, one of the most impos-
ing service of the Catholic Church, was cel-
ebrated at Philadelphia Navy Yard on Sunday
last.

The ceremonies were conducted under the
auspicies of the Army and Navy Union, and
over 3,000 members of military and civic organ-
izations passed in review bcfere the mass,
while over 30,000 others thronged the plaza of
the navy yard.

The sermon was delivered by the Rt. Rev.
Dr. Drumgool, his theme being a plea for a

peace founded on justice and truth. The mass

was celebrated by the Rev. Thomas J. Ryan,
assisted by the Rev. William J. Lallou, and
the Rev. William J. Casey.

There was a vast multitude of people pres-
sent and the National and Papal colors were
everywhere in evidence.

Decoration Day Exercises

Decoration day will be fittingly celebrated
at this institution next Tuesday, with exercis-
es on the Center. A ccmplete prcgiam cf
appropriate music has been arranged for the
E.S. P. Band by Prof. A. F. Wcdigandt, for
the occasion.

The Choirmaster of the Episcopal choir
would be pleased to hear from an inmate who
is able and willing to play the organ -at the
Episcopal services and at choir practice. Ap-
ply to B 7737, 6th Block.

| THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, May 24, 1916

PRISONERS PLAY BALL
OUTSIDE OF WALLS

A report from Columbus, O., statesthat forty
five prisoners unguarded, left the Ohio State
Penitentiary walls one day last week and went
to the Columbus American Association Ball
Park, where they participated in a ball game,
either as players or rooters, and returned again
at night to their cells.

The prison team wore plain gray base-ball
uniforms marked with letter “O. P.?’ In the
press box sat an inmate reporter for the Qhio
Penitentiary News, a paper printed at the
penitentiary.

Pitching for the prison team was Charlie
Scott, a Springfield “pitcher’’. A dozen buck-
shot imbeded in the flesh of his pitching arm
apparently had not effected his “whip.”” Eight
men were fooled by his curves.

Alfred Alexander of Xenia proved efficent and
was the heavy hitter for his team throughout
the game, but his batting eye failed him in the
ninth. As he came to bat with an opportunity
to win the‘game, the prison band and rooters
started a parody entitled ‘“Alexander’s Ragtime
Slam.’’ Alexander shuffled his feet, waved
his bat and fanned.

The proceeds of the game will go to charity.

MUNCY'S NEW STATE INDUSTRIAL
HOME FOR WOMEN

The ceremonies attending the laying of the
cornerstone of the new State Industraial Home
for Women at Muncy, Pa., on Satnrday last,
was of special significance tothe Women of the
entire State, who have united through their
clubs and civic organizations in the movement
to have such a home established in Penn-
sylvania.

Nearly every organized body of women in
the State was active in the campaign which re-
sulted in the Legislature passing the act author-
izing the construction of the institution, which
will mark a new step in penology in this State.

The object of the home is to assist women
having ser\ved a prison sentence, by giving them
an opportvnity to begin lifc anew under the
most favorable conditions.

The home is situated just across the Susque-
hanna River from the town of Muncy. The
site includes 500 acres on a plain between the
river and the Bald Mountains. The women
will be housed in cottages, which will be group-
ed around a central admiuistration building.
Each group will be a unit, with its own matron
and heads, and with its own cottage interest.
The administrative officials of the home will all
be women. The board of managers, appointed
by the Governor, will consist of six men and
three women.

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 21
BALL GAMES OF THE WELK

Wednesday’s Games

Ninth 5—Shed 1

The Ninth won from the Shed by the score
of 5—1, in a nine inning game played in the
record time of fifty minutes.

Mac seemed to have the Shed batters mys-
tified with his shoots, having 12 strike outs, al-
lowing only two hits.

John was on the mound for the Shed and
was touched for 7 hits and had 6 strike outs.

Morgan played a brilliant game in the field
and scored the Sheds only run when he hit for
two bases and came home on a wild throw by
Mac.

Score by innings as follows:

R.
Shed =3=sc = 0 o () QR0 0E0R020—1
NintheeEslasra s 200100 20—5
Doubles—Charley; Williamsport; Morgan.
Umpires—7876 and Collins,

15650
2l
Sl

Cubs 7—Printers 2

With Boyd holding the league lcaders to 4
hit, the Cubs easily defeated the Printers at
the Garage grounds, 7— 2.

Boyd pitched for the winners, and showed
splendid form, struck out 8 and walked 4.

Slats, was ineffective allowing 8 hits fanned
5 and passed 6. :

The Cubs put up a splendid contest, fielding
brilliantly and doing some timely hitting.

Jocoby fielded well for the Printers, while
Barney featured the game with two fine catches
in deep center.

Walter, Taylor and Jordan led at bat for the
Cubs, thelatter getting a home run in the third
stanza.

Score by innings as follows:

RISHE L
Printerstr =2 _co 10050 1205050, 0—=2 =41
Cubsisat e L, QOO SE S Go—=F & 1

Home Run—]Jore.
Doubles—Taylor; Pidge; Hagy; Walter.
Umpires—Mack and Marty.

Friday’s Games

In one of the weirdest games played this
season the Ninth again defeated the Shed S tol.

The Ninth scored six tallies in the first frame
off Moony, who was yanked outin favor of
Spitz, 7 passes and 2 strike outs were recorded
of the pain.

Winters on the slab, for the Ninth fanned 3
and issued 5 passes.

Mack's four-bagger in the first stanzi, was
the only feature of the game.

Score by innings as follows:

(Continued on fourth page)

°
