---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_086.jpg
---
ST s L - ol S

2

——_———-—___—_—

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413; Editor.

Philadelphia, May 24, 1916

PrisoN PopuLATION—Males 1429. Females
24. Total 1453 Last scrial number B 8256.

THE LAW AND THE DEFAULTER

Every few days we see new evidence that
the press of the country are advocating a
change in the manner of adjustment of offenses
against the law. This isan encouraging sign
of the times, and we are glad to note that
The Saturday Evening Post has championed
the cause in the following well presented ar-
ticle:

The man had a salary of nine hundred dol.
lars a year; a wife and two young children;
handled money for his employer; took a little
of it and falsified his books; took more—of
' course—with further false entries. When de-
tected the embezzlement amounted to eight
hundred dollars. The employer held off a
while, hoping the defaulter could restore the
amount stolen. This the defaulter was unable
to do; so he was prosecuted and sent to the peni-
tentiary: his wife got a job that took her time
at six dollars a week; hischildren were farmed to
impecunius relatives, to whom they were an
unwelcome burden. This man weak and fool-
ish, but, aside from thieving, had no bad habits;
always meant to do the best he could by his
family.

Probably in about four cases of petty em-
bezzlement out of five the employer first tries
to get his money back, with a tacit under-
standing that he will not prosecute if it is
restored. In such cases what is prosecuting but
imprisonment for debt?

It is not when the man steals, but when he
fails to pay back the amount stolen, that the
state is called on to lock him up. By and large,
a stupid way of managing it, we should say!

We should like to see a more elastic law,
permitting a court to consider all the facts in
the case, instead of only the very limited set
of facts that come come within

the rules of
legal evidence.

What sort of a man he was
aside from his embezzlement; why he embezzled;
whether he is being prosecuted only because he
was unable to pay back the money; whether he
would be likely, if left at at large to let other
people’s money alone inthe future and support

-with the mind and soul.

THE UMPIRE

his family—such circumstances are socially
important, though the letter of the law now
takes no account of them. !

Certainly an employer will not get his money
back by sending the defaulter to jail. If getting
the money back was his first consideration,
there could be no hardship in making him take
a lien on a defaulter’s futher earnings in cases
where a court would approve that course as
the best social solution.

A GOVERNOR’S PRISON VISIT

A social worker recently made a visit to oneof
the Wisconsin state prisons, and was appalled
at what he saw and found out. He did not let
let matters rest at that however, but took the
subjeét up with E. L. Phillips, the millionaire
Governor of the state, with the result that the
governor went to the prison himselfand madea

thorough investigation, and found that all that

had been told to him was true. Without fur-
ther delay he immediately removed the warden
and his deputy, and ordered that more humane
and modern methods be employed at once.

It is said that the governor’s prison ex-
perience will furnish the basis of a thorough
system of reform in penal institutions in Wis-
consin. The governor’'s quick insight into
actual conditions and needs, common sense and
loyalty of purpose in the interest of society
and suffering humanity are to be commended,
and we hope that this instance may serve to
focus greater attention to the subject of prison
reform methods, so that men may nolonger be
put away in state penitentiaries and be for-
gotten,or left to deteriorate physically and
mentally and then thrown out upon the world
as useless, after serving a prison sentence.

That society and the prisoner would be the
gainer, both financially and morally, by the
general adoption of humane treatment of
prison inmates, is beyond question. = The great
wonder is that it has taken so long to arouse
public interest in so important a matter.

HABIT

The debasing influence of a bad habit is
evident to all who think, and a writer in The
Castle has given his view of the subject in the
following paragraph, which is aptly expressed:

The hand of 2 workman can become so cal-
loused as to be insenible to heat or cold, or
any pain except of extreme degree. So it is
If a man lives in an
environment of profane and unchaste speech
he becomes so hardened ¢piritually and. men-
tally that he is not shocked by it; he is inse: Si-
ble of its presence. In many otherthings, too,
one becomes so habituated to environment and
conditions that one loses all consciousness of
opportunities and respon-ibilities. [t might
be well for each one of us to sit down and take
inventory. What evils we are letting slip into
our lives? What great chance fur good or ad-
vancement are we permitting to lie dormant?

“‘A man never falls so low as to be unable to
rise again, if he dose not lack the courage of
a true heart.”’

RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M.

“Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o'clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel ¢n
the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

THE BRAVEST BATTLES

Adelbert Clark

We fight the bravest battles where
No smoke from cannons roll;

We lift the brightest standards when
We drive fear from the soul.

These silent battles of our lives
Are waged twixt right and wrong,

And he who heeds, the warning cry
Is marshalled on by song.

And though the scars are furrowed
That hint of other days,
The singing of the soul shall be
Of everlasting praise.
T will count for naught the long, hard
fight—
The suff’ring and the pain,
The grim scarred battle-ilag of days
That bore the crimson stain.

We fight the bravest battles where
No musketry is heard,

Nor battlefield or winding ways
With blinding smoke is blurred;

But where the heart is in the lead
To conquer all that’s wrong,

And kindly deeds move every soul
To light the weak with song.

Through the publication of his photograph
and the story of his experiences in the finding
of a wrecked German Zepplin, William Martin,
skipper of a British steam trawler, has been
reunited with his only living blood relative, a
sister living in Birmingham. They had not
seen or heard of each other for fifteen years
until the sister saw the photograph and read
the account of the skipper’'s adventure.

Hardly a generation ago the metal alumin-
ium was exhibited in classes in chsmistry only
in small pieces, as a rarity. Its method of
production from the natural source was so diffi-
cult and expensive that only small pieces of it
were kept on hand for exhibiting as specime¢ns.
The change that has taken place in this gener-
ation has been so rapid that this may be not
improperly called an age of aluminium. Dur-
ing the last year 65,000,000 pounds of alum-
inium were prepared and used in the world,
which was an increase of thirty three per cent
over the amount used in the previous year. A
considerable proportion of this is used in the
production of automobiles. =~ s
