---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_087.jpg
---
JUST MERE MENTION

Representative Simeon D. Fess, of Ohio,
neither smokes nor drinks, in consequence of
many years as a school and college teacher
when he feared to set a bad example to the
growing youth of the land.

S5

Joe Cannon left school as a boy and secured
a position in a country store to help support
his widowed mother. He sometimesdanced all
night, swept out the store, made a fire and was
on the job before the boss got around.

S

Henry Baruhart, member of Congress from
Indiana, tells of a young man from out his
way who met a young woman he had not seen
for many years.

“I thought you were dead,’’ was the young
man’s greeting.

“No,”’ insisted the girl, “but I’m married.’’

““To whom?”’

Oh, some Englishman.’’

_ S

H. H. Kohlsaat, of Chicago, didn’t make
his money in the newspaper business, but in
the bakery business He served the first quick-
lunch on record thirty-five years ago when in
the bakery business, and today he runs out to
one of the quick-lunch places that grew from
the one he first started, and pays his fifteen or
twenty cents for food, just as do thousands of
others.

S

Sam’’ Abbot, Superintendent of the Boston
Fire Protective Department, is especially in-
terested in Edison’s latest smoke-piercing light
for firemen. There is a reason for this. More
than fifty years ago he joined the Boston Fire
Department. He was only a boy, but he did
active work as a ‘‘torch-bearer.’” Half a cent-
tury ago the firemen had youths bear large
brass torches and when lights were needed the
boys ran along with these torches.

SF

United States Treasurer John Burke wrote a
notoriously poor hand when he was a boy at-
tending country school. What made it all the
more noticeable was that he had two brothers
in the school who wrote phenomenally good
hands. Whenever there were visitors to the
school, one of Burke’s brothers was certain to
be called on to make a few flourishes on the
blackboard. Burke took the position that
many of the greatest men in the country wrote
poor hands and that it did not much matter,
anyhow, as few persons ever saw one’s hand-
writing And there was where he reckoned not
wisely, for today his signature is being en.
graved on all the new money, and unless times
are too hard will make its way into every house-
hold.

A few months ago one of Burke’s former
teachers saw his signature on a new bill and it
looked perfectly legible. ‘

Delightedly the teacher wrote to Burke,saying:

“‘I have just seen your handwriting on a one-
dollar bill, and your penmanship has improved
wonderfully.”’

THE UMPIRE

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

John Ledwith, 71 years old, was arrainged
before the magistrate in a ‘men’s night court
of New York recently for begging in thestreet.
He seemed agitated and besought the officer
to let him go, pleading that his mother, 93
years old, would worry about him if he did not
return. The kind-hearted judge let him off
with an admeonition.

Three cans containing $2,500 worth of secur-
ities and about $700 in money were dug up a
short time ago by a dog at Hawkinsville, Cal.
It is believed the money originally belonged to
one Thomas Greenwood, a miner, of that town.
Rumors are current that he was worth a for-
tune at the time of his death and now people
are digging in all sorts of odd places in the
hope of recovering the rest of his hoard.

Workmen in a California sawmill recently
discovered a quantity of honey in one of the
logs which they had started to cut up into
boards. They procured pails and succceded
in collecting more than 50 pounds of the sweet
liquid. Although a number of lumbermen had
previously worked on the tree in felling it
and cutting it into logs none of them had
struck near enough to the honey to suspect its
presence.

An old chest, about to be put up at auction
by a family living at Shartlesville, Pa., gave
forth a peculiar rattle when being carried out.
The cover which was securely locked down was
split open with an axe. Inside was $800 in
gold. It was found that the money had been
hidden away by the father of the family who
had died some time before, supposedly penni-
1ess.

“THE TURNING POINT”

At some period in life each person has to
decide what kind a life they will lead. If a man
decides for the wrong his life will be dark and
unhappy; should he decice for the right hislife
will be bright and cheerful. His deciding
what path he will follow.is called his turning
point.

Nearly every man confined within the wallg
of this institution today, decided before the
committing of theircrimes which way he would
travel through life. Hence our confinement herc.
We chose the wrong way and fell like every
one else who decided like us

But any of us here today or elsewhere can
have another turning point, (unless you have
already decided for the good I advise you not
to turn again) if we desire the good things of
life and the reward that comes after is earned
honestly.

How can we have this turning point? By de-
deciding right here and right now, to be honest,
faithful, and true and by obeying the word of
our master and the lawz of society, vou have
reachcd the turning point for the right. And
as soon as you have done this you shall reap

your reward. Shall we make a turning point
today? B 8140—

BORROWED MIRTH

Wife—O, George, you’ve broken your prom-
ise!

Husband—Never mind, dearie; I'll make
you another.

&

*‘What’s the matter, Bobbie?”’
‘‘Please, auntie, I don’t like my cake.”’
““Well, dear, don’t eat it.”

“But, auntie, I have eaten it.”

&

“Describe water, Johnny,’’ said the teacher.

““Water,”” explained Johnny, “is a white
fluid that turns black when you put your hands
i e, 7

S

““No,”’ said the editor, ‘‘we cannot use your
poem.’’ :

““Why,’” asked the poet; “is it too long?”’

“Yes,”” hissed the editor. ‘It’s too long,
and too thick.”’

5

‘‘What makes you think you’re qualified to
run a hotel?’’ inquired the man behind the
desk.

“Well,”’confided the applicant, “I’ve had a
summer home for fifteen years and all my
friends have automobiles.”

o

Maloney (reading a life insurance circular)—
Phwat’s a ‘‘table av expectancy'’?

Casey—Shure, it’s something that proves by
statistics thot ye won’t live as long after yez
are sixty as yez did before.

S

“Did your audience throw you bouquets
after your speech?”’

““No,”” replied the reckless crater; ‘*‘they
brought only useful gifts, such as bricks and
other building material.”’

2

‘““We want some one to play Samson,’’ ex-
plained the movie manager. ‘‘Lo. you think
you could wreck the temple?”’

“Can I? Well I've been a baggageman for
eleven years.”’ '

S

‘“‘Please don’t bother to see me to the door,”’
pleaded the departing visitor.

““‘Really, it’s no bother at all,”” the hostess
assured her. “It’s a pleasure.’’

*

Desk Sergeant— Didn’t I tell you the last
time you were here that I never wanted to see
you before me again?

Toodles—Yes, yer honor. That's what I told
the cop, but he wouldn’t believe me.

S

A young wife remonstrated with herhusrard,
a dissipatedspendthrift.on his conduct, “Love,”’
said he, ‘I am like the prodigal son: I shall
reform by and by.”

“I will be like the prodigal son, too,’’ she re-
plied, “for I shall arise and go to my father’’.
