---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_088.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE

W. L. Pct. Wl Pct]
Printers 13 5 722 Cubs 9 9 500
Ninth 11 6 647 Shed e 2 S

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

Wi L. Pct.. W L - Pct,
Brooklyn 15 9 625 Chicago 15 17 469
Phila. 1711 " 607 Cinn. 15 18 455
Boston sy Tl B St. Louis 11 16 424
New York 13 13 500 Pittsburg 12 18 410
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pct. WL Pet:

Wash'ton 21 11 656 Athletics 13 17 433
Clev’land 21 12 636 Detroit 13 18 419
New York 14 13 519 St. Louis 12 17 414
Boston 1551555500 Chicago 13 19 406

(Continued from st page)

; R.H. E

Ninth - = = 60002000—8 5 0
ShedsE i o0 o8 0T 00100000—1 3 O

Doubles—Banks

Home run—Mack.

Umpires—Mack and Frank.

Printers 7—Cubs 0

By the powerful wielding of their bats and
brilliant fielding, the Printers blanked the Cubs
bv the score of 7 to 0.

Hagy on the mound for the Printers had
things all his own way, allowing only 3 hits
walking one and having 6 strikouts, while Boyd
for the Cubs was touched for 11 hits and had
7 strikeouts.

Slats on 1st base and Baum on 3rd for the
Printers fielded their positions in fine form.

Score by innings as follows:

R.H. E.
Cliloce st poSe s 00000000—0 33
Printers®-= to =5 20200030—7110

Doubles—]Jorden.
Umpire—Mack, and Marty.

Saturday’s Games
Cooks 9—Bakers 8

Ina game that went eleven innings, the
Cooks defeated the Bakers, by a score of 9—S8.

Blackie pitched like a veteran, fanning 9 and
walking 3.

Jim, for the Bakers fanned 5 and issued 7
passes. Hagy led at the bat, while Big Bill
featured in the field.

Umpire—Mack.

Honor Club 4—Blocks 4

The Honor Club and a picked team from
the Blocks, fought a 13 inning battle which
resulted in a tie, the final score being 4—4,

Mac, on the mound for the Honor Club was
touched for 10 hits and had 14 strikeouts.

B 4765, pitching for the Blocks had 9 strike-
outs and allowed 11 hits.

Umpire—Andy.

Monday’s Games

Printers 4—Cubs3
In a pitching duel between Manager Boyd

and Jacoby, the Printers won a finely contested
4 to 3 game from the Cubs.

Jacoby had excellent control, fanning 9and
walking 1.

Boyd was also in fine form, fanning 12 and
walking 1.

Baumgartner, a newcomer had a rollicking
day at bat, getting 3 hits in four times up.

Barney for the Cubs starred in the outer
garden, while Hagy and Jack fielded well for
the Printers.

Score by innings as follows:

R HE
it ers S 3001000—4 9 O
Chbsemr i 107081 20700 =3 4L

Two base hits—Boyd.
Umpires Mack and Happy.

Ninth 6—Shed 6

After letting the Ninth get a four run lead
in the 2nd inning, the Shed came back strong
and scored 4 runs in the 3rd and another inthe
6th tying the score.

Banks figured prominently in the come back;
having a home run and a double.

Mac on the mound for the Ninth struck out
8 men, walked 2 and allowed 6 hits

Big John started the game for the Shed but
after letting the Ninth get 6 hitsand walking
3 in two innings he was replaced by Mooney,
who finished the game, allowing but 1 hit.

Score by innings as follows:

R: HEE-
Sheds TS oo 4:0°10-0708010=—6 36001
NinthToerscrs T 1040503 S0N00=—67 ()

Home run—Banks.
Two base hit—Banks; Charley; Lucky;
Umpires—Mac and Andy.

Batting Averages of Players Batting .300 and
Over, Including Games of May 5.

No. Name Aib.. 2 Hits = Pefs
B 7664 Jacoby 54 26 481
B 6353 Jore 44 20 455
B 7685 Hagy 52 23 442
B 6960 Bill 42 17 405
B7846 Taylor 53 21 .396
B 8219 Baum. 17 6 .353
B 7471 Chick 54 19 362
B 6507 Slats Bl 16 314
B 6903 Walter 48 15 PSS
B 7387 Mac 45 14 311

Boyd 40 12 .300

B 6453
: B 6286 Secretary

A favorable report on the Nolan bill to pay
Federal employes a minimum wage of $3 a day
was ordered Monday by the House Labor Com-
mittee. Fourth class postmasters, persons in
the Government employ less than two years,
employes under 21 years old and part-time em-
ployes are excluded from its provisions.

The regular monthly Episcopal services were
held at the Chapel on Thursday last, the Rev.
Thomas J. Taylor A. M. officiating. About
sixty-five inmates received communion,

A canvass of state delegates shows Hughes and
Roosevelt as favorites for republican presiden-
tial nomination.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Third Section of the H. F. C. had their
turn at showing what the inmates of this insti-
tution can do, when it comes to getting up a
demonstration. The parade formed again in
front of the Industrial building, but the route
was in the opposite direction from what it was
last week. The line formed as follows: Color
Bearers B 7963—8187. Chief Marshal A 8432
V. Pres. B 6393 and B 7983. Aides Represent-
ative Delegates B 5602—B 7819. Prof. Wie-

- gandtand E. S, P. Band, B 6252 and H. F. C.

Orchestra, H. F. C. Baseball team and players
and B7195 Mascot.

Then followed the main body of the club,
each block and gallery in charge of its respective
delegates. Upon arriving at the Garage
grounds the bandrendered a few selections and
Prof. Wiegandt tossed out the ball as a signal
for the game to begin, which proved to be a
good one being hotly contested by both sides
for supremacy. The game lasted 13 innings
with a tie score of 4 to 4. Mack on the mound
for the H. F. C. did excellent work; but did

not tighten up until the Block’s team had a

lead of two runs. From the third inning until
the bugle sounded the game was exciting and
full of action and was enjoyed by all having
the pleasure and privelige of seeing the game.
B 4765 better known as ‘‘Billy’’ deserves great
credit for his masterly pitching and slow out-
shoots, having very good control, causing the
best batters to fan the air. The Umpire, all
things considered, did good work, as there was
several plays that required special attention
and decisions. Begining next Saturday, May
27th weather permitting the H. F. C. mem_
bers will go out in two Section instead of three
This is a great favor, in as much asthe blocks
and galleries will enjoy two Saturday afternoons
each month, and this privelige should be ap-
preciated by every oneenjoying these pleasures.
Remember you are on your honor, therefore
let your conduct and your actions be such
that you will prove that you are worthy of
further consideration and as an encouragement
to those who' grant us these privileges to do
still more for us. Every one should know by
this time ju-t exactly what is rcquired of him,
behave and act the gentleman and as your
block or gallery falls into line at the sound of
the bugle, do so promptly, do not linger. Next
Saturday, and until further notice, the parade
around the institution will be continued, good
m1:ic ~ill be furnished by the Band under Prof
Wiegandt. Now boys let every one of you do :
your part and act the man in every particular,
for if it should ever happen that we should loce
the many privileges that we now enjoy, you
would find that this would be a mighty dull
place to be in. Next Saturday the ist, 6th, Sth,
10th, 11th and 12th Blocks and the 1th, 2nd
galleries of the 12th block go out. The Dele-
gates’ will instruct these members as to rules

and improper language on the ball grounds.
Rep. Del. B. 7819—5602.

FOUND—A small cross on Thursday, 18th,
inst. Owner can have the same by proving
property. B 7737 6th Block
