---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_089.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

VOL. V

WORK FOR PRISONERS
PLANNED BY COMMISSION

Partial List of Articles to be Made in
Penitentiaries Announced

The Pennsylvania Prison Labor Commission
held an important meeting last week at their
quarters in the Real Estate Trust Building,
this city. The commission has been engaged
in research work of late and the data obtained
was presented for consideration to its members
and the 12 heads of the largest institutions in
the State, and the matter of standardization
of materials made by the prisoners was dis-
cussed. :

It was said a noticeable advance toward a
solution of the long standing economic and
sociological problem of State employment of
prisoners has in a way been attained with the
establishment of the commission.

The hostile attitude of the labor unions to
the employment of prisoners has been overcome
by the plan which allowes the commission to
regulate the compensation of prisoners and
install all sorts of machinery for the manu-
facture of articles to be sold to the various
State institutions, in which there are more
than 22,000 persons at present. This plan
makes it possible for the prisoner to earn a
daily wage of from 10 cents to 50 cents.
Three-fourths of the amount earned by the
prisoner will be paid to the dependent, and the
other fourth held in trust for the worker until
released. In casethe inmatehasnodependents
the entire amount will be paid on release.
This one phase alone, it is said, will enable a
released prisoner to assume freedom not only
with the feeling of having been employed use-
fully, but with enough money to admlt of a
firmer social status.

After deciding on the machinery and pro.
ducts as the first step in the employment of
prisoners, they called in the superintendents
and stewards of the State institutions to decide
on the standard of the articles to be made.

A gradual development of the industrial phase
‘of the work is promised, and at present, the
commission will test its first step, which is
the installation of machinery for making shoes,
underwear, hosiery, brooms, brushes, mats,
metal signs, auto tags and devices used by the
State Highway Department. The
underwear and shoes will be manufactured in
the Eastern Penitentiary, the brooms, brushes
and mats in the Western Penitentiary and the
metal signs and tags in the Huntingdon Refor-
matory, where the younger prisoners are sent,
‘Numerous other lines of manufacture will be
introduced later, and the penitentiaries will be
converted into industial plants rather than
penal institutions.

hosiery, .

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, May 31, 1916

THE WELL KNOWN ORPHEUS
CLUB VISITS THE E. S. P.

That Popular Organization Cheer the
Inmates With Splendor of Song

The visit of the Orpheus Club to the E. S,
P. on Friday afterncon last, was one of those
memorable events that will long be remembered
by the inmates and those who were present on
that occasion. Under the able leadership of
Arthur D. Woodruff, who came from New York
on purpose to direct the singers, over sixty
members of the Orpheus Club, that prominent
organization of professional men, bankers and
others, made their third annual visit to this in-
stitution to cheer the inmates with song and to
encourage them with an evidence of sterling
good fellowship.

After the first few lines were sung, the in-
mates were keenly alive to the excellence of
the singing and alternately gave rapt attention
and vociferous applause as the various numbers
were rendered. The singing was of that high
order for which the club is noted, and each
song was a real delight of rich harmony of
trained voices so pleasing to lovers of good
music.

The program was well arranged so that most
of the numbers were joyful, cheering song. The
hits bring,Ab_ t’s ‘“‘Laughing Song,’’ ““‘On the
Road to Mandaly, ' ““The Ring and the Rose,’’
an oldballad ““My Leves Lies Dreaming’’ and
the ‘“‘Song of Ferara.”” Robert Drayton and
Arthur I. Jackson were the soloists, both of
whom were in good voice. Last but not least,
may be mentior.ed the technic of the accomp-
anist which was excellent, being productive of
the finest shading and modulation.

It is largely due to the courtesy and kindness
of Alexander Van Rensselaer, a notcworthy
patron and lover of music, that these annual
visits are made possible, to which may be
added the good will and intcrest of the Orpheus
Club members in the welfare and uplift of the
“grey brotherhood.”’ ;

To say that the inmates were delighted with
the splendid singing of the Orpheus Club,
would be to put it mildly, but most enthusi-
astic of all were the colored prisoners of the first
and fourth blocks, who requested permission
to sing one of their favorite hymns to the club
members after their program was finished. The

request wasgranted and the mendid wellin song.

Among the large number of guests present
was a former Minister to Italy, Alexander
Van Rensselaer, John H. Carr, President of
the Orpheus Club, Joseph D¢ F. Junkin, Will-
iam Potter, Inspectors Ignatius J. Horstmann,
John E. Hanifea and Dr. Charles D. Hart:
Chaplain Joseph Welch Warden Mc Kenty
and family, and a host of others all of whom
were expressive in praise of the meritorious

singing.

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 22
BALL GAMES OF THE WEFK

Wednesday’s Games
Cubs 5—Ninth3

The Ninth were unable to hit Boyd, the Cub
pitcher, at the right time and lost by a score
of S H=—31

Boyd, pitched for the Cubs and turned in
his usually strong game fanning 6 and walk-
ing 2.

Charlie was hammered for 9 hits,
fanned 4 and walked 3.

The Cubs displayed some fast fielding,
coupled with good team work at critical stages
of the game.

Bobby fielded spectacularly for the Cubs
making a fortunate running catch, receiving
loud applause. :

Jack Taylor won the battlng honors with 3
hits in four times up. P

Score by innings as follows:

while he

: H. E
Ninthes — £ o 0307150 05108340
Cubseu s - 2:0.2 0:051 7005890

Doubles—Hump; Barney.
Triple—Jordan.
Umpires—Mack and Andy.

Printers 5—Shed 3

The Shed again fell victims to the heavy
hitting Printers, by the score of 5—3.

The game was featured: by sterling fielding
on both sides and was interesting throughout.

Slim on the mound. for the Printers, was in
fine form allowing only two hits, and ten strike
outs to his credit. Big John did not fare quite
so well, as he was touched for twelve hits and
had only two strike outs. :

.Score by innings as follows:

0 @ % 2 1:0.0—
Shieds = SEbsaen arue: 1041 0.0. 0=
Two base hits—Hagy; S_latq 2 lael
Triples—Hagy; Banks..
Umpires Slim and Frank.

Saturday’s Games
Honor Club 10— Blocks 2

The Honor Club had an easy victory over
the Blocks, winning by the «core of 10 to 2.

Big Slim pitching for the HonorCluballowed
6 hits and struck out 7.

Charley for the Blocks was touched for 10
hits and struck out 11.

The game was featured by the many brilliant
plays of Barney for the Blocks.

Umpires Slim & Harry.
Cooks 16—Bakers 3
The Cooks won Saturdav’s game, by good

(Continued on fourth page)
