---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_090.jpg
---
2

—

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia -

every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413; Editor.

Philadelphia, May 31, 1916

PrisoN PopurLATION—Males 1433. Females
24. Total 1457 Last serial number R 8264

HUMAN SALVAGE

From day to day we read of some new de-
velopement or newly discovered process which
will enable the manufacturer to increase his
profits by the reclaimation of that which had
formerly been considered as waste material and
of no value. Speculation as to extent of the
financial gain is usually very optomistic and the
event is usually hailed with much acclamation.

With this thought’in mind, we feel impelled
tomake a comparison as to the efforts made
to reclaim those who have made a miss step
in life and ‘‘gone wrong,”’ but we do not
find that this all important subject is receiving
the attention that it merits. There are vari-
ous reasons for this no doubt, but it would
seem that the saving of a human being from
the “‘scrap heap’’ should at least be on a par
with dollars and cents. In fact the saving of
a brother in distress should command every
effort within the power of human endeavor.

Without question there are many persons who
would be most willing, perhaps glad to lighten
the burden of the fallen, if the matter was pre-
sent to them in a proper light, with a practic-
al method for the solution of the problem.

While much has been done by way of reform
in prison management, we are still a long way
from where we should be in this matter, and a
more serious consideration of the subject is
very much to be hoped for in the near future.

It is pleasing to note that Louis E. Mac
Bayne, and James P. Ramsey of Massachu-
setts, have taken up the cause of ‘‘human sal-
vage,’’ in an earnest and sincere endeavor to
bring about a better understanding of practic-
al reform methods that will be of real and per-
manent help to those serving a prison senterce.
How completely their theories have been work-
ed out and proven a success in Massachusetts,
space will not permit an adequate description
here, but that they have proven their case, and
have been justified by moral gain and financial
saving for the state, is beyond dispute.

Speaking of “social wreckage,”” Mr Mac-
Bayne says, no doubt there must always be, so

THE UMPIRE

long as men are born with perverted instinct,
and deficient intellects, and for such the prisons
and not the probation officer must provide.
Too often in the past the undeserving, the de-
generate have been paroled, while the more
worthy, or first term men have been neglected
because the false claim of ‘‘social wreckage’’
has been advanced; while as a fact intrinsically
good material, which properly worked, could be
shaped to reclamation and profitable ends. Of
such stuff are the men and women whose stories
are both sad and dramatic, depicting much
human suffering, stunted pportunities, mis-
take impulses, and great temptation under
more or less serious provocation.

To such, the indeterminate sentence or par-
don, should be more often extended in the fu-
ture, with every probability of doing a belated
justice to the unfortunate, by giving them an
opportunity to prove their worth and fitness
for assimilation into society.

SERVED TIME FOR A FRIEND

There came to light not long ago a case of
genuine altruism and unselfishness that is so un-
common nowadays that the instance is well wor-
thy of notice, for it is inspiring and gratifying,
and may serve to renew or strengthen one’s
confidence in men and go to prove that the ster-
ling virtues have not been effaced from the char-
acter of the men of today.

The facts of the case are, that someone
charged a prominent citizen and office holder
in a near by city with having been convicted of
a serious crime, and therefore not entitled
to vote. He was taken into court wheré
he admitted that he had served a six year sen-
tence in the penitentiary. It was shown, how-
ever, that he was entirely innocent of the crime
for which he had been convicted, that he had
taken all the blame upon himself in order to
shield a friend, a man, who had died a short
time before. '

When placed on the stand he told how, some
20 years before, he had gone on an excursion
with a popular social organization and  that a
fight occurred as the result of an insult to one
of the ladies precent, in whilch a man was
struck a knock-out blow that resulted in his
death.

Though several men were arrested and the
evidence at the trial proved conflicting, he was
convicted and sentenced to prison. He had
kept the name of the real slayer a secret ever
since the fatal blow had been struck, he ex-
plained, and would not have revealed it then if
the man had been alive, and he had not felt it
a just duty to his family to clear his name.

Those who had known both men were amazed
at theerevelation. Proceedings were at once
commenced to have his citizenship restored.

““When you have done a kindness, and your
neighbor is the better for it, why need you be
so foolish as to look any further, and gape for
reputation and reward? Do not grow weary of
doing good offices, whereby you receive the ad-
vantage.’’

RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel ¢n
the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

THE INVENTOR

Back of the anvil and hammer
By which the metal is wrought,
Back of the workshop’s clamor
The seeker will find the thought,
The thought that is ever master
Of iron and steam and steel,
That conquers all disaster
And crushes it under heel.

The drudges may fret and tinker
And labor with lusty blows,
But back of them stands the thinker—
The practical man who knows;
For into each plow or sabre,
Each piece and part and whole,
Must go the brains of labor,
Which gives to the work a soul.

Back of the motor’s humming,
Back of the bells that ring,
Back of the hammer’s drumming,
Back of the cranes that swing,
There is an eye which scans them
Watching through stress and strain,
There is a mind which planned them—
Back of the brawn—the brain.

Might of the roaring boiler,
Force of the engine’s thrust,
Strength of the sweating toiler,
Greatly in these we trust;
But back of them stands the thinker,
The schemer who drives things through,
Still back of them all is the dreamer
Who made a dream come true.
—Passaic News.

THE LARGEST NAVAL GUN

There are many stories afloat about big
guns, but the largest naval gun in commission
on a warship is the i5-inch piece mounted on
the Queen Elizabeth and her class. Next
insize is the 14-inch gun mounted in our own
and the Japanese Navy.

The largest gun reliably known to be mount-
ed in the German navy is the 12-inch piece.
However, among the many rumors regarding
the German naval developments is one to the
effect that a 17-inch naval gun is being mount-
ed on the latest German battleships. The story
that earlier ships are being armed with a 17-
inch gun may be set down as a canard—the
thing simply cannot be done. The big gun
movement is active and will persist for some
time.
