---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_091.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

b—“—*—————-_“—__—

INTERESTING INFORMATION

According to a recent ruling of a State court,

woman’s special fancy to live on a certain
street or in a particular town is no excuse for
refusing to accompany her husband to another
place where he may obtain employment.

&

A baby was born at Hoboken, N. J., recently
which, though perfectly formed, was only nine

inches long and weighed only 27 ounces..

This is said to be one of the smallest babies on
record, but physicians say that it is normal and
that it will live.

S

A terrific explosion ocurred a few days ago
in the Atlas Powder plant located at Mount
Carbon, W. Va. Upon investigation it was
learned that a drop of sweat, falling from the
brow of a workman onto a pile of cotton sat-
urated with nitric acid, caused the catastrophe.

&

When a prominent married woman of
Wrightsville, Pa., was arrested a few days ago
on a charge of shoplifting she confessed her
guilt, but offered the novel excuse that she
stole in order to get even with one of the clerks
in the store with whom she had once had
trouble.

e

When a Jury in San Francisco freed a woman,
on trial for the second time for having wounded
her husband in a quarrel, Judge F. P. Dunn
declared that ‘ ‘if some of the feeble women who
go around shooting men would turn their
weapons on some of our feeble minded jury-
men, they would be better off.”’

&

Through the use of a transmitting relay and
a recently invented receiving machine, a
private wireless station, located at the Great
Lakes Naval Training school in Chicago, has
attained a speed of 200 words a minute. Up
to this time 30 words a minute has been con-
sidered a fast record.

S

A Delaware farmer has built a cylindrical
barn, 73 feet in diameter and 74 feet high.
With theexception of the dome-like roof which
is of wood it is made entirely of concrete.
There are no posts, beams or other supports.
It consists of a huge chamber below and a loft
above which has a stcrage space for 300 tons
of hay.

25

While being taken to an asylum, a Wellington,
N. J., lunatic sprang away from his captors
and leaped into the Hackensack river. Being
unable to swim he vculd bave drowned had it
not have been for the quickress of Miss Con-
stance Copp, an appropriately nan.ed girl de-
tective, who leaped into the water and suc-
ceeded in bringing the man to shore. ;

Money isa good servant but a dangerous
master.

KING’S VISIT RESTORES SPEECH

A story is told of how the king of Italy has
been responsible for one of the most extraordi-
nary occurrences of the war. His majesty has
been constant in his visits to his wounded sol-
diers, and one day he arrived quite unexpect-
edly at a certain field hospital.

Among the patients there was a young lieu-
tenant who had been stricken quite dumb by
the bursting of an Austrian shell. The poor
fellow was lying in bed feeling very miserable,
when, all of a sudden, he glanced up and found
the king standing by his side.

In a moment he started up in amazement at
the unexpected honor, and shouted at the top
of his voice:

‘His majesty the king!”’ and burst into a
flood of tears.

The emotional shock, coming as it did, so
unexpectedly, had completely restored his power
of speech, and even the king himself was over-
come by emotion-at this extraordinary ‘‘mira-
cle.”’

THE ANCIENT PORT OF BRINDISI

The much talked of Brindisi, naval base of
the Italiansand the port from which the Latins
are again sending expeditions into the Balkans
and into Northern Africa, has been a war-
harbor from remote antiquity. At one time it
was the first warport of the Western World,
when the fleets of Rome bore invincible legions
to every region around the Middle Sea,.be-
gins an article in the National Geographic Ma-
gazine. '‘A people, who rulesalong the Adriatic
shores long before the infancy of Imperial
Rome, made a pirate nest at Brindisi, and
took a rich toll on the commerce that passed
the narrow gateway of Otranto. Later, when
the port had become a Roman one, Roman
soldiers left this point on missions of conquest
for Macedonin, Syria and Northern Africa.
In the Middle Ages, the Crusaders made it
one of their chief ports for embarkation to the
Holy land.

NEW GOLD DISCOVERY IN ALASKA

Recent reports from the interior of Alaska
indicate that another 1ich gold strike has been
made there. Shafts yielding as high as $2 to
the cubic foot have been opened at cone place,
the reports say. Hundreds of miners have
been hurryingfrom Fairbanks and other points
to the Innoko districts where the pay streaks
are reported to have been found.

Excavating gangs working in New York re-
cently unearthed a number of huts that were
built befcre the Revolutionary war. Upon fur-
ther investigation old relics, including English
and Hessian coins, were found in the ruins,
showing that they had sheltered some of Gen.
Howe’s troopers when he held the city.

‘‘Believe there is a way out of your difficult-
ties and that you will find it, even though you
do not know where it lies nor in what way the
help will come.”

BORROWED MIRTH

“I want to sweep the cobwebs from my
brain.”’
“Why not use a vacuum sweeper?”’

o

“I’ve got a new job.
fountain.”’

‘A barber at a soda fountain?’’

“Yes; I shave the ice.”’

&

“Our romance began in a most romantic
way. My wife saved me from drowning. She’s
a magnificent swimmer, you know.”’

‘I notice you don’t go out very far now.’

‘“No. I don’t know if she wculd save me
again.”’

I'm a barber at a soda

b

S*

““My poor woman,’”’ said the settlement
worker, ‘“what can I do to relieve your dis-
tress?’’

‘“Can you sing, ma’am?"”’

“Why—er—a little.”’

““I wish you’d sing some of the new ragtime
songs, ma’am. Me and my lusband ain’t
been to a cabaret in two years.

2

Judge—Prisoner at the bar, have you any-
thing to say for yourself?

Prisoner—Yes, your honor, I admit I'm a
vagabond and a thief, but you ought to be
very thankful I’m here and let me off lightly.
~ Judge— How do you make that out?

Prisoner—Well, suppose we went on a strike
and all turned honest, what would your honor
bo for a living?

Judge—(severely)—Um—five yearsimprison-
ment.

o

Mr Babcock had just been telling his wife
of an old friend.

“And he said he knew me when I was a little
girl?’’ interrogated the wife.

“No’’ said Babcock, ¢ hedidn't say anything
of the scrt.

“But you just =said he did, ’ said Mrs. Bab-
cock.

“No,’’ said the man, ‘I didn’t.”’

“Why Charles!”’ exclaimed the wife. ‘‘“What
did he say then?”’

“] said,’’ replied the brute, ‘‘that he said he
knew you when-he was a little boy.”’

S

What the case was about no one seemed to
know exactly. The lawyers themselves were
pretty well mixed up. :

When an important witness entered the box
and was presently asked to tell the court the
total of his gross income.

He refused; the counsel appealed to the
Judge.

‘“You must answere the question,’
Judge sternly.

The witness figited about and then burst out
with;

‘“‘But—but your Honor, I have no gross in-
I'm a fisherman and it’s all net.”

%)

said the

come.
