---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_092.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

————__—__—;————+-—__ﬁ

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE
W L. Pct. IWaI S Pets

Printers LoD e 5 Cubs 15 RO 5 50)
Ninth 118 8 579 Shed 2171 ()5

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pct. W. L. Pct.
Brooklyn 19 11 633 Cinn. 18 21 462
New Vork 18 13 581 Chicago 17821588 447
Phila. ORI 576/ Pittsburg 16 20 444
Boston 15 16 484 St. Louis 12 22 421

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W LS Pets W. L. Pct.
Wash'ton 24 12 667 Chicago 16 19 462
Clev'land 23 14 622 Detroit 15 20 429
New York 19 13 594 Athletics 13 21 382
Boston 17 18 486 St. Louis 12 22 353

(Continued from st page)

clouting and the mab1hty of the Bakers to hit
Big Doc safely.

Big Doc, for the Cooks was master at all
stages of the game, fanning 8 while he issued
but one pass.

Bobby was found for 18, hits, while he fan
ned 9 and passed 5.

Banks and Big Bill captured the fielding hon-
ors while, Dick, Morgan and Jordan led at bat.

In the absence of Mack, Slats officiated as
umpire.

Monday’s Games
Printers 3—Shed 2

~ With the jinx still working against them,
the Sheds were defeated by the Printers, 3—2.

Printers started off well, scoring a run in
the first frame, when Hagy’s triple brought
Baumgartner across the plate.

Slats, went the full distance for the Printers,
and fanned 6, while he walked 2.

Moony presided for the Shed, fanning 11
and passing 5.

Baumgartner, the Printers 38rd. sacker
played a good game at the difficult corner.

Ragged fielding characterized the Shed play

Score by innings as follows:

R. H. E.
Shed et () FOR0S 0RO R 08— S8 58 ()
Rrintersz=r . -210101000—3 8 0
Two base hits— Sox; Jim, Buck.
Triple Hagy.
Umpires, Sifton and Frank

Cubs 7—Ninth 3

The Ninth lost to the Cubs by the score of
7 to 3.

In the first six inning: of the game it looked
like an easy victory for the Ninth; the score
being 3 to O in their favor.

But the Cubs rallied in the 6th, getting 5
hits and scoring 7 runs off Mac before the side
was retired. He then gave way to Charley
who finished the game. 2k

Boyd was on the mound for the Cubs allow-
““ing 7 hits and had 6 strikeouts. Mac had 5
strikeouts and was touched for 7 hits.

-Score by innings as follows: .

P

Gilibgt X sl 00000700—7 8 1
Nintht - Sewraiaes 0011100037 3
Doubles,—Mac, Jordan and 8175.

Umpires Slim and Andy.

Diamond Dust

Slats playing for the Printers is -one of the
best utility men in the league. He can go in
the game and play any position.

Schoolmaster Baumgartner is making good
with a vengeance. His sensational fielding and
timely hitting, has been the feature of all
the games lately for the Printers.

SONG SERVICE ON THE CENTER

The members of - the inmate choirs and or-
chestra again gave good evidence of their abil-
ity to render tuneful music and sacred song
most effectively under the leadership of Prof.
A. F. Wiegandt, on Sunday afternoon last.

The Song Service was fully up to the stand-
ard in volume and evenness of tone, which
would indicate that the men were sincerely in-
terested in their efforts to produce good music.
The hymns, ‘Lifetime is Working time,”’
‘‘Saving Grace,’” ““All is Forgiven,’’ and ‘‘Be-
cause He Loved Me So,”’ seemed especially
well sung, while Mendelsohn’s March from
‘‘Athalia’’ and Bizets ‘‘O Lamb of God,”’ pro-
ved to be effective as orchestra numbers.

The introduction of the solo, ‘‘In the Garden
of my Hart’” by B 7591 was a pleasent add-
ition to the program and we hope to hear
more from him in the future.

At the conclusion of the service, Chaplain
Joseph Welch address the men in an earnest
plea to profit by the present opportunity
offered and learn to sing from the heart as well
as with the voice. The Chaplain also laid stress
on the fact that failure to heel the promptings
of the heart to do good, would surely result in
heavier punishment in time to come, asthe
immutable law of justice cannt be evad ed.

HIGHEST PAY FOR U. S. EMPLOYES

A Washington report states that Secretary
of the Navy Baker recently announced that
negotiations would be undertaken with work-
men of the Rock Island arsenal seeking a
higher wage scale, and expressed his belief that
the Goverment should lead the way as an em-
ployer and pay more than the usual wage scale.

‘““The Goverment,”” said the Secretary,
should be an industrial leader, offering the
employes better wages and working conditions
than private employers. I believe the Govern-
ment should pay a little the best wages and
offer a little the best working conditions. For
two reasons it should pay : slightly over the
usual wage scale—to secure the pick of employes
and to be a model to private employers.”’

Mr. Baker said the lab,r départment had
been asked to advise on the arsenal wage scale,
and a final answer probably will be given the

‘o

. workmen the latter part of May

N S

HONOR CLUB NOTES

. Dividing the H. F. C. members into two
sections for their attendance at the Saturday
afternoon ball game was put into practice on
Saturday last, May 27th, and proved a com-
plete success in every particular. The game
was preceeded by a parade, the line of forma_
tion being, first: The national colors and club
pennant, V. President, A 8432, as Chief Mar-
shal; Treas. B 7983; Rep. Dels. B 7819, 5602;
Prof. Wiegandt and E. S. P. Band; H. F. C.
Ball Team; B 7195 Mascot; H. F. C. Orchestra
with American flag; and finally the different
blocks and galleries in this section numbering
between five and six hundred men. A new
feature of the parade was another large Amer-
ican flag carried between the 10th and 6th
blocks. Quite a surprise was sprung on the
boys, aside from the parade, being the length
of the route, the entire line encircling the insti-
tution three times; this was good exercise and
beneficial to all.  Arriving at the Garage grounds
Mr. Horstman, son of Mr. Ignatius Horstman;
member -of our Board of Parole, tossed out the
ball as a signal to play ball. The game which
was a good one resulted in a victory for the
H. F. C. team with a score of 10 to 2; details
will be found elsewhere in the ‘‘Umpire.”’
The club battery composed of B 7788 pitcher
and B 7958 catcher deserves great credit, and
also the work of all the other players was
equally good. Mr. Horstman and a large num-
ber of visitors from the outside were interested
spectators, all seeming to enjoy the pleasure of
seeing a game within the walls. Boys keep the
good work up, now that everything is running
smoothly there is no question but what our
club will receive and enjoy still greater privi-
leges in the future. Our good conduct and de-
meanor towards all and for all is what counts.
It is not what we were, but what we are. Al-
ways trying to prove that we still retain some
of our good traits taught us by our faithful
and loving mothers. The attention of the
members is called to the large cards hanging
on the yard wall, these cards will indicate
to you just where your block or gallery be-
longs, and as you fall into line, at the close
of the game, at the sound of bugle and drum
do so promptly by two’s as with the large
number of men out there must be no delay in
returning to your block and gallery. So now
brace up, keep in step with the music, with
quick and youthful steps, regardless of you
age, and enjoy the fun. Next Saturday the
3th, 4th, 5th, th, and 9th block, and the 5th,
and 7th galleries will go out.

Note—The men of the 1st block deserve

.credit for the manner in which they crossed

the Centre, by removing their hats in respect
to others present, and in the future all men of
the various blocks or galleries, crossing the
Centre, will please remove their hats and
keep in step and in liné as you march around
in line with the parade.

Rep. Delegates B-7819 —5602.

Justice Hughes leads G. O. P. candidates,
but Roosevelt opposition may eliminate him.
