---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_093.jpg
---
%
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

B HEED

'UMPIRE

Edited and Printgd
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

U.S. FLEET BEING MADE
FIT FOR WAR

It is evident that the new Bureau of Opera-
tions, which was created over 14 months ago,
has made great advances in bringing the navy'’s
activities to a more efficient basis, according to
the statements of Rear Admiral William S.
Benson, Chief of the Bureau, at the exercises
of the graduating class of the Naval Academy.

Speaking the navy’s preparedness, Admiral
Benson declared that it was the purpose of
the Secretary of the Navy, to have 100 per
cent. efficiency for men and ships and that the
operations bureau had made possible a long
step toward realization of such a policy, under
which “every unit of the fleet will at all times
be ready to perform is functions whatever the
the occasion that may require its service.’’

Every ship of the fleet is ready for instant
duty, he added except the battleships Georgia
and Connecticut, which are undergoing boiler
repairs. Among the most important work
undertaken, Admiral Benson said, is the reg-
istration of all American merchant ships for
naval uses in war.

ELABORATE PREPARATION FOR
“AD” CLUBS PAGEANT

Philadelphia is to have a pageant, which the
committee of the Poor Richard Club assert will
be the most spectacular everseen in the United
States, as a part of the program for the enter-
tainment of the Associated Advertising Clubs
of the World, which will meet herein convention
during the latter part of this month. Prepara-
tions are now fully under way and it is believed
that many thousands of visitors from all over
the country will visit this city in company with
the delegates to the convention, as Philadel-
phians are noted for their hospitality to visit-
ing guests.

In addition to the grand pageant, thereis
also to be one of the most extensive displays
of fireworks ever attempted in this section of
the country. The City Counsils have made an
appropriation of $25,000 for the entertainmeny
of the clubs, and one of the distinctive features
will be a‘‘Battle in the Air,”’ at the marine
carnival at night, in which all possible real-
istic effect will be displayed.

It is estimated that about 10,000 men, over
200 floats and a score or more of bands will be
here on the night of the street parade. One
division will be devoted to showing Philadel-
phia’s fitness as a residential and manufactur.
ing center, and it is claimed that in working
out the plans for the pageant, the advertising
men have been occupied in peifecting details
since last November.

Philadelphia, June 7, 1916

CATHOLIC SOCIETY PKOVIDES
AN AFTERNGON OF SONG

Under the auspices of the American Society
for Visiting Catholic Prisoners, St. John's
Asylum Boys visited the E. S. P. on Sunday
last, for the purpose of giving an entertainment
of music and song to the inmates. The pro-
gram consisted of some thirteen numbers of
choice musical selections, and the sweetness of
the youthful voices gave additional beauty to
the songs rendered.

Several of St. John’s choir soloists accom-
panied the Asylum Boys in their visit and gave
substantial evidence of their ability to render
high grade music with excellent harmony and
effect. The work of Conductor Alfons Heuer.
mann was most apparent in the fine control
and shading of the various selections by the
boy choristers. >

JUDGE RULES THAT “FINDINGS IS
KEEPINGS”

In a recent opinion handed down in the Cir-
cuit Court, Judge Dawkins declared ‘‘findings
were keepings,’” and held Walter H Mettle, a
grocer’s clerk, entitled to $1800 found in the
cellar of a house over the possession of which
four litigants and seven lawyers disputed more
than a week.

Mettle found the money January 12, 1914,
beneath some rubbish. He took it to the Assist-
ant State Attorney who placedit in a bank.
The present owner of the store, as well as the
former owner and another party, who once
lived in the same building, put in claims.

The court said: ‘I believe that the title is in
the finder against the whole world, save the
real owner, and while the matter is enshrouded
in mystery, I must accept theold dictum that
‘“findings is keepings’” when the owner cannot
be discovered after diligent effort.”’

Batting Averages of Players Baiting .300 and
Over, Including Games of juue 2.

No. Name AT ST it sSSP
B 6353 Jore 51 25 4359
B 7685 Hagy 70 29 414
B 7664 Jacoby 73 30 411
B 8219 Baum. 38 15 .395
B 7449 Cope 30 1l 367
B 7846 Taylor 74 AT 965
B 6960 Bill 59 20 .339
B 6507 Slats 69 22 319

Walter 48 S .300

B 6903
: B 6286 Secretary

-It is undeistood that all applications for pa-
role were granted. There were 28 men and 4
women on the list.

NO. 23
BALL GAMES OF THE WEKK

Tuesday’s Games

The game between the All Stars and the
Black Demons was won by the latter, the score
being 7 to 5 in their favor.

Boyd was on the mound for the AllStars dur-
ing the first 4 innings and held the Black De-
mons to 2 hitsand 1 run. He was then replaced
by Mac who walked the first three men facing
him and Jordan cleaned the baces by making
one of his costomery home runs, giving his team
the lead 5 to 3.

Hagy came back with a home run in the same
inning tieing the score; which remained a tie
until the 8th inning, when the Black Demons,
by heavy hitting scored 2 more runs which won

.the game.

Slim pitching for the Black Demons had 4
strike outs and allowed 4 hits.

Mac for the All Stars struck out 5 and allow-
ed 7 hits

HE b

R.
BiD 05105004 s 0F 02802 4 1
NS 0 R =050 0 G0 5 9 2
Home runs, Hagy and Jo:dan
Triple, 8175.
Doubles, Charley, Lefty, Williamsport and
Morgan.
Umpire, Mac.

Cooks 6—Bakers 4

The Cooks put another crimp in the Bakers
aspirations as leaders of the culinary depart-
ment, when they again defeated the latter by
the score of 6—4.

Big John for the Bakers, fanned 7 and pass-
ed 3.

Banks twirled for the Cooks fanning 5 and
walking 2.

Jacoby and Jim fielded well for the Bakers
while Big Bill and Morgan did the honors for
the Cooks. :

Umpire—Mack.

Wednesday’s Games
Cubs 10—Shed 3

In a farcical contest the Cubs assaulted the
apathetic Sheds 10 runs to 3.

The Shed team was a bit wabbly in the field
and were credited with several misplays.

Bobby pitched a strong game for the Cubs,
fanning 7, watking 1 and 2 hit by pitched ball.

Blackie was wild and l.ad poor support; he
fanned 2 and issued 7 passes.

Bank’s home run and the fielding of Taylor
and Albie featured the game.

Score by innings as follows:

R.HE
Cubs = FiEb et Sl 2412100 0—1066 0
Shed & Las MO0 10 0= 39

(Continued on fourth page)
