---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_094.jpg
---
2 ' THE UMPIRE

e — e ——————

_—-

THE UMPIRE in New York State, was on a train when he saw RELIGIOUS SERVICES.
the conductor about to put a young fellow off
for not being able to pay his fare. The party
in question protesting that he had either lost
his pocket-book or that someone had taken it;

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

f Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
- readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
{s desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

. B 7413; Editor.

Philadelphia, June 7, 1916

PrisoN PopuLATION—Males 1423. Females
924. Total 1447 Last serial number B 8273

VOTERS SHOW SENTIMENT

A New York paper recently published a
statement which emphasized the pocr opinion
in which the liquor license system is held by
the voters of that state. Wherever they had
an opportunity at the polls to strike at the sa-
loon they gave decisive evidence against it by
their votes; which would indicate the general
disapproval of the present license system.

It would seem that a better understanding
of the deep-seated opposition to the liquor
traffic was evinced where the voters were
not interfered with by the distillery interests,
in the showing of results at the polls. That is
why we believe the future of the liquor interests
appear to be in peril of drastic legislation at
an early date.

According to the figures published by the
New York excise department, the results of
the elections held in the various towns on Nov-
ember last, and in March 1916, shows that 595
hotels and saloons, 31 bottle-houses and 47 wet
drug stores will pass out of business after Oct-
ober 1, this year. Surely that isa good show-
ing for one of the wettest states in the Union,
where they have so poor a weapon as the Raines
law with which to protect themselves against
the insidious inroads of the liquor traffic. That
law is well known to be at best but a mere
subterfuge to legally run an open house.

If, as, has been claimed in the past, so much
good has been accomplished over former con-
ditions, by so weak an instrument of protection,
what great good could be accomplished by
real modern liquor regulation, if the test was
made by a direct vote on that issue, by the
people?

KINDNESS NEVER WASTED

That a kind act or good deed is never wasted
though results may not always be immediately
apparent, was again manifested in an instance
that recently transpired in an adjoining state.

It seems that over thirty years ago a man
named Terry, then postmaster of a small town

but to all his pleas the conductor remained ob-
durate. Seeing that the young man was evi-
dently sincere and distressed in his plight, the
postmaster advanced the necessary amount of
the fare and the journey was continued, much
to the relief of the discomposed traveller who
insisted on having the name of his benefactor.

Time advanced and the incident had all but
passed from the memory of Mr. Terry, when he
recently received a letter containing a ten dol-
lar bill, with a note explaining that the sender
had reckoned up the interest on the money ad-
vanced which then amounted to the enclosed
sum. The writer also explained that he was a
prosperous business man and had always re-
membered his friend and that had he at any
time been in need, his welfare would have been
seen to. Here we have a good example that
even the smallest act of kindness has a mar-
velous way of returning to bless the doer.
Little deeds of love are bound to accrue inter-
est and produce a good harvest.

THE PASSING OF SING SING

Governor Whitman of New York recently
signed a bill passed at the last session of the
legislature of that state, that will do away
with Sing Sing, which has long been a pestilen-
tial disgrace to civilization. It may be said
that it is not only old, inadequate, and unsani-
tary, but the very plan upon which it is built—
in every way similar to the Bastile cell block
plan—is unquestionably a relic of the Dark
Ages long past.

It must be a matter of intense satisfaction to
former Warden Osborne to realize that the me-
dieval relic, Sing Sing, is to be replaced by a

new institution built according to modern ideas

of enlightment as to the proper treatment of
those who have broken thelaws stern mandate.
It is a decided advance in the right direction
that New York State’s ‘‘black spot’’ and dis-
tributing station for vice and disease, is soon to
be wiped out. Following the precedent of
Pennsylvania, it is to be replaced by a farm
and industrial prison in a commodious and
healthful location.

We are pleased to read the New Era of May
10th issue and note the especially good articles
appearing on the first page.

It is easy to see that the editor is keenly in-
terested in placing up to date articles of merit
before its readers.

The special Mothers Day edition of the
Square Deal is well worthy of commendation for
neatness, presswork, and general excellence of
contents. The editor, ‘‘Tex,”’ evidently knows
how to ‘‘produce the goods.’’

““The lucky man is one who sees and grasps
his opportunity.’’

General services

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel on
the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

BE A MAN
By W. Dayton Wegeforth

It’s a mighty good thing, while you’re
running life’s race,
Just to pause, as you go, and to come
face to face
With your conscience, and ask it a
question, or two;
For it’s right you should know what
your life means to you.
Have you done things worth while,
have you drifted along,
Have you filled it with sighs, have you
filled it with song,
Have you helped when you should,
have you tried to do right,
Have you struggled for good, or just
fought for might?
Have you given your hand to some
fellow in need,
Have yousneered at the man who was
not of your creed,
Have you been open-hearted and
ready to do,
Have you tried to be just,
tried to be true?
In your judgement of men, have you
been always fair,
Have you learned to forgive in the
face of despair,
Have you fought against greed, or
succumbed to its lust,
Have you learned what it means to
protect and to trust?
Oh. it's easy to preach and it’s easy
to tell
Of the other chap’s faults—but our
own faults, ah, well!
We are cowards at times, and the
truth, you will find,
Is a thing we dislike, for it’s rather
unkind. :
But the Past, let it rest.
thought Today
And Tomorrow, as well, for the Time’s
growing gray;
Do the things that you should, do the
best that you can,
Crown your life with your deeds—be
a red-blooded man!

have you

Give a

Sarcasm is excellent medicine for the man
who ‘‘knows’’ it all.

_ are held on the wvarious
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.
