---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_095.jpg
---
INTERESTING INFORMATION

During last year and a half 670,443 horses
and mules have been shipped from the United
States to Europe for the Allies.

These animals have brought good prices to
their owners—upwards of $200 each, it is
stated.

S

Gilson Willetts, who wrote the first picture
play serial ever known—‘‘The Adventures of
Kathlyn,”” does all his work in utter seclusion,
locked doors, disconnected telephone and sand-
wiches to nibble while he works, instead of
stopping for lunch.

S

Delaware is to have a new highway which
will extend the entire length of the State, from
the Maryland boundry to the Pennsylvania
boundry, and which will open up a large extent
of country that has not as yet known the bene-
fits derived from good roads.

S

Denmark has this year introduced the twenty-
four hour system of keeping time. This does
away with the necessity of using A. M. and
P. M. to distinguish the hours of day and night.
One o’clock P. M. is to be 13 o’clock, and so
on up to midnight, which is to be 24 o’clock.

g

Vessels flying the flag of 16 different nations,
exclusive of the Stars and Stripes, are now in
this port. Within the last week more than 20
nations bave been represented in this harbor
by steam or sailing craft. Probably at no time
in its history has the port of Philadelphia
harbored vessels of so many different nations_

S

The largest shipment of Sugar ever sent
from the United States in one lot left the
Federal Sugar Refining Company's docks at
Yonkers in the steamship Eastgate. The cargo,
which is bound for Europe, consists of 154,-
200 bags of refined granulated, valued at more
than $1,000,000, and establishes a new high
record. The purchase was made by the Brit._
ish Commission.

&

More than 600 prisoners are at work on the
penitentiary at Rockview, in Centre County,
which when completed will cover an area of
five and a half square miles and will take over
the inmates of both the Eastern and the
Western Penitentiaries. The machinery install
alled in these two prisons will be portable
and will be removed later to the Rockview in-
stitution.

&

The Baldwin Locomotive Works recently
received an order for 70 Locomotives from
the Lehigh Valley Railroad. The contract in-
volves $ 2,800,000, the engines costing about
$40,000 each. Forty are for freight use and
30 for passenger use.

The Pennsylvania and other roads are said
to be in the market for a large number of Lo-
comotives, the orders for which are expected
to be placed in a short time.

THE UMPIRE

“THE PRICE OF A DRINK”

By Josephine Pollard

‘‘Five cents a glass!”’ Does any one think
That is really the price of a drink?

“Five cents a glass.”” I hear you say,
““Why that isn’t very much to pay.”’

Oh, no indeed; ’tis a very small sum

You are passing over with fingerand thumb,
And if that were all that gave away

It wouldn’t be very much to pay.

“Five cents a glass!”” How Satan laughed
As over the bar the young man quaffed

The beaded liquor, for the demon knew
The terrible work that drink would do:
And before morning the victim lay,

With his lifeblood ebbing swiftly away.
And that was the price he paid, alas!

For the pleasure of taking a social glass.

The price of drink! If you want to know
What some are willing to pay for it go
Through the wretched tenement over there
With dingy windows and broken stair:
Where foul diease like vampires crawl
With outstretched wings o’er moldy wall.
There poverty dwells with her hungry brood,
Wild-eyed as demons, for lack of food;
There shame in a corner crouches low;
There violence deals its cruel blow;

And innocent ones are thus accursed,

To pay the price of another’s thirst.

“Five cents a glass!”’ O, if that were all,
The sacrifice would, indeed be small!

But the money’s worth is the least amount
We pay, and whoever will keep account.
Will learn the terrible waste and blight
That follows the ruinous appetite.

“Five cents a glass!”” Does any one think

This is really the price of a drink?”’
Printed by special request

NOW BUILDING A SHIP EVERY DAY

It isannounced that United States shipyards
are now building a new ship every day. It is
a record never before equaled in our country
and is the sequel to our stupendous exports at
a time when world commerce is upset by a
world war.

There are now under course of construction
or contracted for, 268 steel vessels, the aggre-
gatc of whose tonnage excceds 1,129,0C0. Ships
bearing the Stars and Stripes have n.ore than
doubled since the war began, and the increase
is still going on at high tide. Prior to August,
1914, less than a tenth of America’s foreign
commerce was carried in American ships; but
at the present rate of building new omnes the
period following the end of war will see a totally
different storp. The business of transporting
over five billions of exports and imports is a
trade worth going after and keeping after till

we get it.

They who know not how to act agreeably,
though they have learnt many things, are
still ignorant.

BORROWED MIRTH

The amateur photographer can’t be arrested
for taking things that don't belong to him.

5

Pessimist—The cost of living is terrible.
Optimist—But its worth the price.

S

““The trouble about marrying mney,’’ says
the Cynical Bachelor, “‘is that a fellow has to
take a wife along with it."”

&

“Didn’t you ever contemplate matrimony?’’
“Yes, my boy,”” owned up the old bachelor,
“but always from a safe distance.’’

54

The Customer—Why don’t you keep bunion
plasters?

The Druggist—I’m afraid I’d be pinched for
harboring footpads.

S

Curate—I am glad to see you come so reg-
ularly to our evening services, Mrs. Brown.

““Yus. Yer see, me 'usband ’ates me goin’
hout of a hevening, so I does it to spite ’im."

o

Teacher: Now, Johnany, can you tell me
what became of Noah and the ark?

Johnny: The baby sucked all the paint off'n
Noah, and Pa stepped on the ark and mashed
it.

2

Tommy saw a small tug towing a large ship,
and heard the tug whistle loudly.

‘‘Oh, Papa,’’ he cried, greatly excited. ‘‘See !
The big boat’s got the little one by the tail
and it’s squealing ’’

S

Patient—Doctor, what I need is something
to stir me up—something to put me in fight-
ing trim. Did you put anything like that in
this prescription?

Doctor—No. You will find that in the bill.

S

Visiting Clergyman—Have patience. Re-
member it took Milton 15 days to complete
one page.

Convict 653—Only 15 days? Why, I’ve been
six years on one sentence, and it ajnt half
finished yet.

S

Jagreen—I saw you talking to Borrows on
the street this morning.

Billbrown—Yes.

Jagreen—Did he strike you for a loan?

Billbrown—Not exactly. He <struck at me,
but never touched me.

H

Little Elmer —Papa, you are going to take
me to the circus, aren’t you?

Papa—Yes, if you are a good boy.

Little ElImer—Well, I’ll try awfully hard to
be good, papa; 'cause if you can’t take me ycu
won’t have any excuse for going yourself, and
I don’t wan't to disappoint you.
