---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_096.jpg
---
4

LA e e e e

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE
We el Pct. Wa s Pct:

Printers 1760 735 Cubs 12 10 545
Ninth 14 9 604 Shed 2 20 091

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

WaRRZas et
Boston 19 21 475
Chicago 21 24 467
Pittsburg 19 23 452
St. Louis 17 26 422

We " Pcte
Brooklyn 23 15 605
New York 22 17 564
Phila. 23 18 561
Cinn, 22 24 478

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

WL iRPets
Detroit o1 »23TATT
Chicago 19 23 452
St. Louis 18 25 419
Athletics 15 26 363

W Lo Bcte
Clev’land 27 18 600
New York 24 17 586
Wash'ton 24 19 558
Boston 23EO0RRH35

(Continued from st page)
Umpires—Slim and Andy.

Printers 2—Ninth 1

The Printers won a hard fought game from
the Ninth by the score of 2—1.

It was a pitchers battle from the start, be-
tween Jacoby for the Printers and Jimmy
Winters for the Ninth.

The Printers took the lead from the start
and managed to hold it to the finish; but
things looked doubtful in the 6th inning when
the Ninth had a man on 2nd and 3rd base
with only one out; but Jacoby tightened up
and kept them from scoring.

Jimmy for the Ninth allowed only 1 hit and
struck out 5, Jacoby allowed 2 hits and struck
out 10.

Score by innings as follows:

SRSESE:
Ninthes W Etos sk = 00001000—1 2 2
PRinterstos-tt e 114000 00 0=2 1
Two base hits— Sox; Jim, Buck.
Triple Hagy.

Umpires,—Fred and Frank.
Thursday’s Games
Cubs 5—Ninth 4

The Ninth was again nosed out of a victory
by the Cubs, who won by the score of 5—4.
. The Ninth led,-1. — 0 until the 5th inning, it
was then a slump wae started by Charley, who
made a wild throw to 2nd allowing the Cubs
to score. Jimmy Winter then loosened up
and allowed the Cubs 4 hits, this being the
only inning he allowed any hits; but they were
costly, netting the Cubs 5 runs.

The Ninth came back strong, but the best
they were able to do was to score 3 more runs.

Boyd struck out 7 walked 7 and allowed 3
hits.

Score by innings as follows:

1181 18
ERbhsaBc et =t 0°0,005000—-54 3
NI e R QRIS ORI S R0 —1 5= 33

Doubles,—Williamsport; Lucky.

Umpires Fred and Andy.
Printers 6—Shed 5

THE UMPIRE

the sixth inning, the final score being 6—5.

Moony got by the fifth inning, but in the
sixth blew up and four runs were registered off
him. He fanned 7, passed 7, and-3 hits by
pitched ball. :

Slats, for the Printers fannen 4, and passed 3.
He was ably supported by some fast fielding at
critical stages in the game.

" The inner garden trio, Hagy, Jacoby and
Baumgartner played brilliant ball. Mickey, the
Shed shortstop fielded well and led his team at

the bat.
Score by innings as follows:

R H E.
PrinterSi-tromn=a i 01020520 3 =61
Shedzsooata-trz. - any 003200 0-5 5 1

Two base hits— Bill; Micky.
Umpires Marty and Sifton.

Friday’s Games
Ninth 4—Printers 2

In a hotly contested game, the Ninth won
from the Printers by the score of 4—2.

Hagy on the mound pitched a fine game,
striking out each man that faced him in the
1st, 2nd and 5th innings, having a total of 14
strike outs, and allowed 6 hits. Mac also
pitched good ball fanning 11 and allowing 6
hits.

Score by innings as follows:

RESEIERLS
Printers 2= SIS 000001001— 6 3
Ninthosf=st s e 0.0 0°0:0 3 1:0,0—4 46

Two base hit—Mac; Hagy; Wmsp’t; Hump.
Three base hit—Charley.
Umpires—Fred and Mack.

Cub 5—Shed 1
With Albie pitching in championship form,

S —— e

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Second Section of the H. F. C., num-
bering approximately about seven hundred men,
enjoyed their afternoon outing on Saturday
last, with a parade and ball game With V.
President, A 8432. as Chief Marshal the line
of formation was the same as on former occa-
sions. Innovations worthy of mention were
the large American flag carried by the Fifth
Gallery and a unique and comic representation
of an Ambulance Corps by B 6936 who, with a
wheelbarrow draped with flags, and bearing a
red cross, brought up the rear of the procession.
A word of praise and thanks must be given
Prof. Wiegandt and the E. S. P. band for the
excellent music rendered on these occasions.
The game was a good one and the former 14
inning tie was played off resulting in another
victory for the H. F. C. team by a score of &
to 1. Mack on the mound for the H. F. C.
had them all going from start to finish. The
game was played by three o’clock and President
Rube C. McKenty, desiring to give the boys
all the time out in the airand sunshine possible,
picked out a nine from among the members for
a ‘“‘scrub’’ game; this proved a comedy, but
was nevertheless enjoyed, some new stunts in
baseball being pulled off. The sound of the
bugle ended thi game after a few innings had
been played, and the boys returned to their
cells pleased and happy. Good order prevailed
during the entireafternoon, and the membersare
to be congratulated on, and for, their good
conduct. Keep it up boys and you will not re-
gret it. The V. President, A 8432, requests
the members, in future, to refrain from smok-
ing while on parade, as it does not look good

and the rest of theteam giving him faultless to see the boys in line smoking their pipes and
support, the Cubs defeated the Shed by a 5—1 cigarettes, and surely anyone can forego this

score. .

habit for this short time, and he also suggests

The Cubs star held the Shed to two lonesome that as the line passes the front entrance that

hits, while he fanned 10, and passed 2.
Matlac derricked Blickie in the first frame,

being replaced by Moony, 7 strike outsand 1 gent.

pass were recorded of the pair.

the boys lift their hats out of politeness and re-
spect for Officials and visitors that may be pre-
The attention of the club members, and
to new arrivals especially, is cailled to the ad-

The Shed registered their lone tally when vantages of the Club Library, the best and

Reading stolehome in the 7th stanza.
Score by innings as follows:
ReEEIo
Cubslo Siicrwies O 2 00 G5 @ 3
ShedEs s Hsrat e 00000010—1 2 1
Umpire—Harry and Marty.
H. Fo o Catb=—Blocksid

The tie game of two weeks ago, between range to sec you.

latest magazines and periodicals may be en-
joyed for a trifling sum, the Librarian makes a
round of the entire institution daily, and any
one desiring to enroll or to secure any informa-
tion relative to this matter may consult him or
if you cannot see him, notify your delegate who
will report your number to him and he will ar-
The following blocks and

the Honor Club and the Blocks, was played off galleries will exercise this Saturday afternoon,

on Saturday afternoon and
victory for the Honor Club, who won by th
score of 5—1.

Mac was on the mound for the Honcr Club

and had 8 strike outs and allowed 3 hits.

it resilted Gnias JunedOeas follows: 1 B, 8 B, 6 B, 6 G, 12 B,

ber all rules governing games etc., and do not
violate any of them.

The H F Club kindly loaned their piano to
the St. John’s Asylum Boys for their enter-

B 4765 pitched for the Blocks, and had 4 tainment on the Center last Sunday.

strike outs and allowed € hits.
Umpire—Slim.

Rep. Del. B 7819, 5602.

Leap captured the pole vault in one of the
track meets, while another event was won by

With a view to provide uniform interpreta- Heck!

. . tion of playing rules on the field, a meeting was
The Printers won an uphill game, defeating held at New York on Monday to discuss that

the Shed by overcoming a three-run lead in subject.

It is likely that the secret of Alexander’s suc-
cess lies in the low visifility of his craft.
