---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_097.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment

I Of its Readers.

VOL. V

U. S. CONSULATE BURNED
BY MEXICAN MOB

American Flag Torn and Dragged
Through the Dirt in Durango City

From El Paso, Tex., it is reported the Ameri-
can Consulate at Durango City Durango, was
destroyed by a fire during anti-American de-
monstrations, according to information received
here by army officers. The rioters applied a
torch to the building after dragging the flag
through the filthy streets.

Three anti-American riots were held in
Chihuahua City, in protest against the contin-
ued presence of United State troops in Mexico,
and to prepare ‘‘to defend the city and State
against invasion,’’ according to American and
German refuges arriving at the border in
automobiles to escape assassination.

They reported that three Mexicans had been
killed while leading a mob that started to break
into the home of an American resident of Chi-
huahua. It is not known whether or not the
American was killed or made his escape.

Details of rioting have been verified by Brit-
ish Vice Consul Scobell, acting American Consul
in the absence of Consul Letcher, who is in
Washington, fora conference. The mob tore
the American coat-of-arms from over the door
of the American Consulate, which was attacked
each night, until destroyed by fire. The mob
also stoned and destroyed a number of Ameri-
can homes, which had been closed when the
occupants left for the border some time ago.

The present situation looks very dangerous
and Americans are leaving for the border in
steadily increasing numbers. Under previous
instructions, State Department agents in
Mexico are giving every possible aid.

Orders have been issued to send 1500 addi-
tional regular troops to the Mexican border in
consequence of the rapid spread of anti-Amer-
ican feeling which continues all through nor-
thern Mexico, and it is officially admitted that
there is a grdWing alarm over the seriousness
of the situation.

HUGHES AND FAIRBANKS RECEIVE
REPUBLICAN NOMINATION

Supreme Court Justice, Charles E. Hughes,
of New York, was nominated forthe Presidency
by the Republican National Convention at
Chicago, on Saturday last, when the third
ballot was taken. Mr. Hughes received 94915
votes out of a possible 947.

For Vice President, the choice fell to Charles
W, Fairbanks, of Indiana, with a vote of 863.

From all accounts it seems to have been a
regular landslide for Hughes and Fairbanks,

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, June 14, 1916

begining about noon on the day of nomination,
and lasting for three quarters of an hour.

An unusual condition seemed to prevail on
this occasion, as it is customary for the win-
ning candidates to receive an ovation of un-
controllable cheering, but this time there was
none. The situation was unique for a political
convention.

Mr. Hughes immediately tendered his resig-
nation as associate Justice of the Supreme
Court, on receiving notification of his momina-
tion for the presidency.

Speaking of Mr. Hughes, Ex-President Taft
says: ‘‘he is the highest type of an American
citizen, a statesman, a scholar, a man of um-
spotted reputation and an eminently proper
and well fitted man for the high office to which
he has been nominated.

Charles W. Fairbanks is well known to the
American public and will be a strong running
mate of Mr. Hughes. It seems to be the fore-
gone conclusion of many that Hughes and Fair-
banks are most certain to be elected this tall.

TREMENDOUS ACTIVITY
AT STEEL PLANTS

be

Usual Summer Shutdown Will
Abandoned on Account of the
Heavy Demands

Reports from Pittsburgh show the tremend-
ous activity of the ircn and steel plants through-
out the state. At no previous time has the
demand for iron and steel been so continuous
as at present. For the first time in the history
of the steel trade the mills and foundry’s have
such heavy orders on hand that it will be ne-
cessary to continue work without the usual
summer stop. 3

In the tin-plate trade, as an instance, it is
the custom to close about the first of July for
répairs and changes, but this year the mills
have a greater tonnage in orders on hand than
ever before, and there will be absolutely no
suspensions that are not forced by necessity

The Carnegie Steel Company has on its books
orders that will keep all its rail mills fully em-
ployed through the third quarter of 1917, and
has on hand specifications for the major portion
of this tonnage.

As a general thing the structural steel trade
is rather quiet at this time of the year, mainly
because of the high prices, but so far as the
mills are concerned, the demand for ship build-
ing and car building on the shape mills is pro-
viding them with a very great amount of work

At the present time mills are sold up on prac-
tically all kinds of finished material to the end
of the year, and in some cases well into next.

Democrats gather at St. Louis. for convention

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.
_ W

NO. 24
BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games
Ninth 9—Printers 0

The Printers showed a reversal of baseball
form in today’s game, the Ninth shutting them
out 9—0.

The Printers lacked the essential bang, and
the passes were liberal, while wild pitches
helped.

The Ninth bunched their hits off Slim, and
forced his retirement in the seventh frame, and
then continued their attack against 6982 and
Hagy.

Eleven strike outs and 7 passes were recorded
against the Printers trio. :

Mack the Ninth pitcher, held the Printers to
3 hits, while he fanned 9, and passed 4.

A fast triple play by the Printers featured
the game.

Score by innings as follows:

Ninthe: -leci- S e 5o
Printers: i i ziliy:s 0
Triple—Chick.
Two base hits—Jacoby; Charley.

Umpires—Marty and Collins.

Cubs 5—Shed 9

The Shed won their first game under the new
management of Anderson; defeating the Cubs
by the score of 9—5. )

The game was a slugging match from the
start, there being four home runs throughout,
three of which were credited to the Shed
batters.

Bobby on the mound for the Cubs was
touched for 11 hits and strike outs 3.

Banks pitching for the Shed held the Cubs
to 4 hits, and struck out €. Moony for the
Shed took batting honors having 3 hits out of
3 time at bat.

Score by innings as follows:

000 3
0000

R.H. E
@Eithss Ee i e nd 0102110 0—5 4 0
Shed = <o Soa@9@9 ) e28350 89 —guniBe|

Home runs—Banks; Jordan; Evans; Moony.

Doubles— Moony 2; Blink; Jordan; Mike;
Sox; Evans.

Umpires,—Fred and Andy.

Thursday’s Games
Printers 3—Cubs 2

A well-played nine inning game, which was
played in the record time of 45 minutes, was
won by the Printers from the Cubs 3—2.

The game developed into a pitchers’ battle,
the pitching of Hagy aid Boyd, was distinctly
encouraging, both pitching airtight ball.

Saul crossed the rubber in the 7th frame,

(Continued on fourth page)
