---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_098.jpg
---
DN

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, -adaptable to these columns
{s desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery. i

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer's registered number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413; Editor.

Philadelphia, June 14, 1916

PrisoN PopurLATION—Males 1411. Females
22. Total 1433 Last serial aumber B 8276

FORGET AND PASS ON

Truly this is a wonderful world we are living
"in, and one of the most desirable gifts we
may enjoy is the opportunity to help make
this life a little brighter by some good, well
directed effort to improve our conditions.

Undoubtedly you will meet some people in
this world whom you will not like, and others
who may not like you. But this is of little
consequence unless you give it attention.
The better plan is just to forget all about it
and pass on.

Success in any walk of life requires that a
man must forget the little things that worry—
that anger him. "Your best interest demand
that you should be a good forgetter. For the
time that you waste in thinking of some wrong
done to you by another, is not only time lost,
and energy wasted, but it is a positive hinder-
ance to your own advancement. Harboring a
spirit of revenge only unfits you for any respon-
sibility or accomplishment

Not only that, it is the sure indication of a
very small man of dwarfed abilities. The broad
minded forget or brush aside the little fellow
who may try to annoy them, and they become
the stronger for it.

Harboring a spirit of malice, trying to work
injuring to another, or wasting energy on an
enemy, will surely result in impeding your own
progress, and will leave your mind ina state
that has never been known to work the slight-
est good.

Thinking right when under pressure is one of
the greatest trails attainable in life. TRY IT.

SIDESTEP THE DOUBTER

The story is told of how a small group of
small men collected togather in a small corner
grocery store, out in the country, where the
roads formed a junction to the main highway
leading to the city. There they discussed and
cussed many things and subjects. '

These wiseacres said that Fulton was a sure
enough fool—that he couldn’t do it; only a

THE UMPIRE

dreamer or a half-wit would ever think of
making a boat go up stream with with a mere
rattle-box machine. ;

After much more talk of a similar nature the
boat started up the Hudson, and the natives
all said in chorus: ‘‘Well by heck, he’s gone
and done it.”” And so it is even now. Every
day some thinker lays out a way, and then
then some doer paves the way to success.

Along the street curb in the citys you may
see a number of idlers standing about, and find-
ing fault with the way they pave the road to
success. Probably there are many of these
doubters to be found within prison walls, as we
constantly hear the foolish argumentsadvanced
against personal rehabitition; but there skep-
tical reaconers only serve to give additional im-
pulse to the man capable of thinking right—to
profit by past mistakes.

A SPLENDID EXAMPLE

The story is told of General Charles G. Gor-
don, the famous English soldier, better known
as ‘“‘Chinese Gordon,’’ when the English gov-
ernment sought to reward him for his splendid
service in China, he declined all money and titles
but accepted a gold medal on which his name
and a record of his thirty-three engagements
were inscribed. After his death the medal was
not to be found among his possessions. Later
it was learned that he had sent it to Manchester
during a famine at that place, with a request
that it should be melted and used to buy bread
for the city’s poor.

In his diary on that day he had written:

‘“The last and only thing [ had in this world
that I truly valued, for I have given all to the
Lord.”” This love, . which passeth worldly
knowledge, constrained him to give up his
most cherished possession for the relief of oth-
ers. :

Truly this is a clear insight unto a splendid
character, well worthy of emulation by all who
strive to do good and help their ‘‘fellow man.’’

THE CHILD IN THE GARDEN
Henry Van Dyke
When to the garden of untroubled thought,
I came of late, and saw the open doeor,
And wished again to enter, and explore
The sweet, wild ways with stainless bloom
inwrought,
And bowers of innocence with beauty
fraught,

It seemed some purer voice must speak
before

I dared to tread that garden
yore, :

That Eden lost unknown and found un-
sought.

loved of

Then, just within the gate I saw a child, —
A strangerchild, yet to my heart most
dear,— &
Who held his hands to me, and softly smiled
With eyes that knew no shade of sin or
fear: 2
“Come in,”” he said, ‘‘and play awhile with

me;
I am the little child you usedto be.’’

'RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel on
the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

THE RIVER OF LIFE

On the river of life, as I float along,
I see with the Spirit’s sight

That many a nauseous weed of wrong
Has root in a seed of right.

For evil is good that has gone astray,
And sorrow is only blindness,

And the world is always under the sway
Of a changeless law of kindness.

The commonest error a truth can make
Is shouting its sweet voice hoarse,
And sin is only the soul’s mistake
In misdirecting its force.
And love, the fairest of all fair things
That ever to man decended,
Grows rank with nettles and poisonous
things
Unless it is watched and tended. :

There could not be anything better than
this
Old world in the way it began,
And though some matters have gone amiss
From the great original plan;
And however dark the skies may appear,
And however souls may blunder,
I tell you it all will work out clear,
For good lies over and under.
—Selected

"It is announced in one of the government
bulletins that the Department of Agriculture
has undertaken the third census of birds in the

United States. Voluntary enumerators through

out the country have been requested to lend
their services in order to facilitate the work of
the department in this effort. The plan is to
have the volunteers count the birds on 40-acre
tracts in the immediate neighborhood of their
homes. '

Pennsylvania is noted for its lead in all lines
of industry, and for its advance in modern bus-
iness methods. The latest example is that of
a Pittsburgh concern which realizes that gener-
osity is the most profitable advertising medium.
A leading drug company of that city now makes
it a practice to fill prescriptions free of charge
for all persons who are in need of medicines but
unable to pay for them and who are sent to
them by any worthy charitable institution or
physician. Excellent! Other places might do
equally as well by adopting this worthy idea.
