---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_099.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

| - PR
Mﬁ

INTERESTING INFORMATION

An archaeologist has been digging up pre-

historic dental tools and teeth with fillings of

" pulverized stone and asphalt along the coast of

Southern California. As that Preacher who

was King over Jerusalem put it, there is no
new thing under the sun. ‘

8

What is said to be the largest searchlight in
the world was recently tried out at the New-
York navy yard before a number of army and
navy officers. The powerful rays are said to
have an effective range of over 10 miles. The
lens is five feet in diameter.

o*

An explosion which occurred in a house in
this city, some time ago, tore the whole front
away and threw Lewis Padulo, the owner, 15
feet into the street. The building had been
vacant for some time and Padulo was repairing
it for his bride. An accumulation of gas in the
house is thought to have caused the accident.

S

A popular scientific journal announces that
Dr. Just, the Budapest chemist who invented
the tungsten filament lamp, has recently dis-
covered an electric cell, with iron and carbon
electrodes and an electrolyte composed of an
organic substance, which renews its vigor com-
- pletely in a short time from the oxygen of the
air If this invention proves to be practical it
is said that it will completely revolutionize a
branch of the electrical industry.

B

While in her father’s office looking over some
pictures of men wanted by the law, Opal
Hartzell, six-yea-old daughter of the sheriff of
Anaconda, Mont., identified one of the photos
as that of a man who she was used to seeing
every day. When confronted with the charge
against him the man admitted his identity.
The little girl will now receive a $50 reward
which was offered for the man’s capture.

S

We learn that one of the battleship has
aboard an automobile for the use of the officers
_in making their official and social calls. The
car is said to belong to the captain who claims
it to be a great convenience. Now the officers
of other warships in the navy are wondering if
it would not be feasible to equip every sea going
vessel with a servicable automobile for their

use when in port.
: &

While playing near the mouth of a mine in
Hazleton, Pa., Ella Chapiro, a six-year-old
girl, fell down the shaft which was 150 feet
deep. Her clothing caught on some old tim-
bers that projected from the side of the shaft
about a third of the way down, and held her
suspended in midair. Her playmates soon se-
cured help and after difficult manoeuvering she
was hauled to the surface, alive and without

serious injuries.

The man that thinks for himself is wiser
than the bookworm.

CONCENTRATE YOUR THOUGHTS

Itisa source of perplexity to many that
their thoughts do not lead them to conclusive
results in their efforts to suceeed—to accom-
plish results, and it is difficult to make them
understand the necessity of thought concentra-
tion. But until thoughts are connected with a
definite purpose there is small chance of actual
accomplishment.

In many cases ones trend of thought is al-
lowed to shift about p-omiscuously without an-
chorage. This shiftlessness of thought is an
evil habit that should not be allowed to con-
tinue, for one who desires to avoid distraction
of accomplishment. Those who have no spe-
cific purpose in their life become an easy prey
to petty fears, troubles, and self-pityings, which
are sure indications of weakness of character,
which will eventually lead to failure, loss and
much unhappiness; for weakness of thought
cannot continue in a power generating universe.
Either we must advance—grow or become
dwarfed and stunted. One ought to conceive
of a decisive object in life, and strive continu-
ously to accomplish it. What ever form this
may take, whether spiritual or worldly, he should
cling to his ideal and center his thoughts upon
the object before him.

This may require a supreme effort at times,
but he should devote himself to its accomplish-
ment, and not permit his thoughts to stray
away into longings or vain imaginings to no
purpose. By the road of self-control and true
concentration of thought, and by that road
only may one expect ever to reach the goal to-
ward which we are all striving. B 4853.

GERMAN INGENUITY

It has recently been announced that the Ger-
man government has officially recognized an
immense project for linking the North sea and
the Baltic with the Black sea; a distance of
more than 1,200 miles, by a series of canals
connecting the Rhine and tle Danube, and
leading accross Germany from the Rhineto
the North sea. It is asserted that such a
waterway system would be practical and would
link the central European powers togather and
in that way enable them to meet and transact
more effectively commercial offensive expected
to be put inoperation by the allies immediately
after the close of the war.

According to the opinion of U. S. Commiss-
joner of Education, Dr. P. P. Claxton, it is
necessary to the vital interests of the nation,
that citizens of the United States should edu-
cate themselves and keep abrest with the times,
He points out the fact that no democracy has
ever been known to exist more than 150 years,
and if this nation expects to continue longer
than that it must ‘‘establish means by which
public opinion purifies, readjusts and expresses
itself.”” We believe this may best be done
through the ballot, the schoolroom, and a bon-
ified effort to legislate for the interests of the
people as a whole.

BORROWED MIRTH

Many a man is such a kicker that every
time he opens his mouth he puts his foot in it.

S

‘‘Experience is de best teacher.’’” said Uncle
Eben, “‘but gittin, arrested «ain’ no way to
study law.

S
Cop—Why don’t you go home?
Outlate—Firsht my wife went to the movies
and now my house has gone, too.

S

“Pa, what is scientific salesmanship?’’
‘‘Selling a dress suit to a man who went into
the store to buy a cellu'oid collar.”’

S

Tommy—I want another box of those pills,
like what I got for mother yesterday.

Druggist—Did your mother say ' they were
good?

Tommy—No, but they just fit my air-gun.

o

Katherine—As long as you say you under-
stand the language of the flowers, what does
this bunch of American Beauty roses say?

Kidder—That a fool and his money are soon
parted.

S

)

‘““Honesty, my son,’’ said the millionare, is
the best policy.’’ -

““Well, perhaps itis, dad,’” rejoined the
the youthful philosopher ‘‘but it strikes me
you have done pretty well nevertheless.”’

S

Billy—‘‘I see Maude has a new decollete
gown.’’ :

Milly—*‘Yes; that girl puts everything she
ha: on her back.”’ :

Billy—‘“Well, she isn't getting stoop should-
ered, at that.”’

S

““What are your reasons for wanting a di-
vorce, madam?’’ inquired the judge.

“Failure to support.’”’

‘“‘But you live in apparent luxury.”’

‘“‘He failed to support me for a nomination
that I wanted.”

S

‘“‘Eureka!’”’ exclaimed Hiram Hoskins who,
with a lighted candle in his hand, was hunting
for a leak in the gas pipe.

A moment later Mrs. Hoskins sadly said:
““Thats just our luck. Now we’ll have to pay -
out more money to get the roof fixed.’’

o

When arguing the respective merits of moth-
ers, Benny never allowcd his mother to be
surpassed. This attitude on Benny's part de-
lighted Mother, aged thirty-six, until one day
he ran in flushed of face and belligerent of eye.

‘““Mother,”” he shouted, ‘‘that guy, RBob,
said his mother was forty-three years old and
I couldn’t stand for that, so I said you were
forty-five if you were a day!”’
