---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_100.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

-_—mm

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE

W. L. Pct. W. L. Pct.
Printers 19 8 704 Cubs 15 12 556
Ninth 16 10 615 Shed 3 23115

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W LS Pcts W. L. Pct.
Brooklyn 25 16 620 Boston 20 22 476
Phila. 2491 OB 558 Cinn. 22 25 468
New York 23 19 548 Pittsburg 20 24 455
Chicago 23 25 479 St. Louis 21 28 429

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

.

WES LS Fct. Wl PSP c b
Clev’land 30 19 612 Boston 24 23" 511
New York 24 21 533 Chicago 22 23 489
Wash’ton 25 22 532 St. Louis 21 26 447
Detroit 200231521 Athletics T5EO0 B34

(Continued from st page)

with the winning tally, when Baumgartner
sacrified.
Hagy fanned 6, passed 1, and 1 hit by pitched
ball. Boyd fanned 8 and passed 1..
Baumgartner’s running catch was voted the
fielding gem of the game.

Score by innings as follows:

RESH S
@uhssretsis 200000000—2 5 O
Rriniters s su el b Q00 2700 10 ==yl

Doubles,—Hagy; Jacoby; Baum.
Umpires Fred and Andy.

Ninth 8—Shed 2

The Ninth and Shed gave a fine exhibition of
base ball during the first 5 innings of play,
the score being a tie at two runs apiece, but
Moony was unable to hold out, and the Ninth
hammered out 6 runs in the 6th and 7th innings
bringing the final score 8 to 2.

Moony was touched for 8 hits and struck out
9.

Jimmy Winters fanned 10 and allowed 4 hits

Chic took batting honors, having a triple
and 2 doubles out of 4 times at bat.

Score by innings as follows:

R,
Sheds—coL 0 001.0:100° 070 050-22
Nunth e oo cfl o 00515 0447200 20—,

Two base hit—Mac; Chick 2; Sox; 7078.

Tiiples—Chick; Williamsport.

Umpires—Frank and Lefty.

H.E-
il
ST

Friday’s Games
Ninth 7—Shed 2

Moony’s unsteadiness with poor fielding by
the Shed team at critical times, and some ex-
ceptionally timely hitting by the Ninth, en-
abled them to win by the score of 7 i 2.

Moony was replaced in the 7th stanza by
Banks, 8 strikes outsand 6 pas:es were recorded
off the pair

Mack who pitched the full game for the
Ninth, had excellent control, and was never in
difficult, fanning 9, and passed none.

Inability to hit with men on base proved
costly to the Shed.

Score by innings as follows:

RiH (E:
Shede. =& S 2000000 0—2 4 3
Ninth 267G e 21101110-7 8 1

Two base hits—Wmsp’t; Mack.
Umpires—Fred and Frank.

Printers 2—Cubs 1

Costly errors, coupled with their inability to
land safely on Jacoby's shoots, caused the
Cubs defeat, losing to the Printers by the
score of 2—1. '

Jacoby pitched a fine game for the  Printers
allowing only 4 scattered hitsand having 11
strike-outs.

Boyd for the Cubs also pitched a good game
but was given poor support, he having allowed
7 hits and struck out 9.

Score by innings as follows:

R.H. E.
Cubs el 000100000—1 4 6
Printerst? Sstsie 001010000—2 7 0

Doubles—]Jordan; Walter.
Umpire—Mack and Andy.
Bakers 10 —Cooks 3

The game between the Bakers and Cooks,
resulted in a victory for the latter, by the score
of 1(—3.

The playing was loose on both sidesat times,
but the Bakers made up for their slugging, get-
ting 11 hits.

Big Doc struck out 11, and walked 6.

John fanned 8, and passed 3.

Umpire—]Jacoby.

Monday’s Games
Cubs 4—Printers 2

The last of a series of games between the
Printers and Cubs resulted in a victory for the
latter, who won by the score of 4 to 2.

The managers of both teams were the Oppos-
ing twirlers and both pitched a good game.

Boyd allowed 5 hits, struck out 6, and

walked 2.
Hagy allowed 7- hits, struck out O A nd
walked 2.
Score by innings as follows:
R.H. E
Printers: -t = EEON 05017000 100 sy
EubsTrofhnd - Tias 2508070:0% 2 050 =" N7

Triple—Jacoby.
Doubles— Boyd.
Umpires— Fred and Andy.

Ninth 8—Shed 3

The Shed team offered feeble opposition to
the hard-hitting Ninths who defeated them 8
to 3.

Jim Winters for the Ninth was in fine shape,
and with good support in back of him, the
Sheds were helpless. -

Winters allowed but 2 hits, while he fanned
5, and passed 6.

Herb for the Shed gave 7 hits, fanned 5, and
walked 3. ’

Score by innings as follows:

R. HJIE:
Shed>=hi e A5 i 00100200—3 2 1
Ninthatoione s n 2000 420810000 0 S R7a)

Doubles— Mac:; Winters.
Umpires—Slim and Frank.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Despite the threatening weather the First
Section of the H. and F. Club were able to en-
joy their afternoon outing on Saturday last.
The usual parade around the institution pre-
ceeded the ball game, the first block is credited
with making the best showing in line, their
regular marching being remarked upon. The
most notable feature of the parade was the di-
viding of the large E. S. P. band into two smaller
bands, thisis an excellent idea, both bands
furnished good music the one under the direc-
tion of Professor Wiegandt and the other under
the direction of B 6765, good work Jack; keep
it up. The ball game was not the only inter-
esting feature of the afternoon, as B 6252, not
to be outdone, surprised the boys by having
the very able, and well trained, orchestra un-
der his directior on the job, and on a stand
erected especially for the purpose, at the end
of the sixth block, they rendered a fine musical
program, a cornet solo by B 6765 and a vocal
selection by B 7962 were loudly applauded.
Our worthy Chaplain Joseph Welch was present
and was an interested listener, his presence was
appreciated by both the officers and members
of the club and they extend to him a sincere
and hearty welcome to be present with them
whenever possible and they take this oppor-
tunity of thanking him for having the Orches-
tral programs printed and for his many past
favors. The members of the H. F. C. ball
team are expected to fall in line at the close of
the game the same as other members. We
also desire to call the attention of members
whose block or gallery is not out, and also of
non-members to the fact that you are not per-
mitted on the grounds unless your section is
out, and non-members not at all. The rules
governing the club and its members will be
strictlv enforced, no matter who the party may
be. Let this be sufficient for all club members
and non-members alike. Do not get sore or
narrow minded; acquiesce in the rules and
avoid trouble for the benefit of all. The party
who removed a bat, the property of the H. F.
C. team, is asked to kindly return it, we feel it
was taken by mistake and its prompt return
will be satisfactory. If it is not returned with
a reasonable excuse and as the bat is known as
well as the party having it in his possession
will forfeit his membership and all privileges
unless returned in a reasonable length of time.
Next Saturday the Second Section made up of
the 3rd, 4th, 5th, 7th, 9th blocks and 5th and
7th galleries will go out, and with two bands

baseball and orchestra a good time is promised.
Rep. Del. B 7819—5602.

H. F. C. 12—Blocks 8

The Honor Club after scoring enough runs
to win the game, toyed with the Block team
and left them hit the ball and run wild on the
bases, thc final score being 12—8,

Big Slim and Rube weie on the mound for
the Honor Club and Williamsport for the Blocks.

Umpire—Slim.

FOUN D—Pair of nose glasses in the Chapel
on Sat, June 3rd. Owner can have same by
proving property. Apply to B 7737, 6th B.

