---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_101.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

—_————— e ———

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, June 21, 1916

NO. 25

WAR WITH MEXICO
ALMOST A CERTAINTY

Immediate Mobolization of National
Guard Ordered by the President.—
Caranza Issues Manifesto to have U.
S. Troops Withdrawn from Mexico.

A call has been issued by President Wilson,
to all national guard organizations in the Union
to assemble for immediate service in Mexico.

Secretary Daniels has also ordered the Pa-
cific fleet to proceed at once for Mexican waters
and await developments. Four warships and
a number of destroyers will also be rushed to
Mexican ports on the Atlantic side, so that
the navy will be immediately ready for the
opening of hostilities.

Washington is now the scene of intense ex-
citement and it is considered that every honor-
able means have been exhausted to avoid war
with Mexico.

Action was participitated by a dispatch from
General Funston, stating that matters were
beyond further control and that forceful steps
were necessary.

Secretary of War Baker announced that the
national guard would be sent to the border as
fast as assembled in accordance with the
wishes of General Funston.

Some national guard troops will be detained
at the border states as a precaution for emer.
genciesand as a nucleus for drilling raw recruits
for army ex-pansion.

Telegrams have been sent to the governors
of the various states calling on them to have
the state troops assembled at a mobolization
point for muster into the service of the United
States.

Every state in the union is effected by the
call for troops and it is expected that over 90,
00) men will soon be ready for immediate ser-
vice. It is not expected that over two-thirds
of the estimated number of state trocps will
respond to the first call, owing to various
causes.

From the latest report the call for troops
seems to have met with quick response from all
over the country, and the pational guard of this
state, New York and New Jersey, are nearly
ready for immediate service.

From General Pershines Headquarters, near
Colonia Dublan, Mexico, is learned that the
civilians of all the Mexican border towns are be-
ing armed by Carranza garrison commanders
in hourly expectation of hostilities being
declared.

It is not expected that Lower California will

take part in the war, according to the state-
ment of Esteban Cantu, governor of that ter-
ritory.

IMPOSING CATHOLIC SER-
VICES AT THE CHAPEL

The celebration of Catholic Mass at the E.
S. P. Chapel on Sunday last, will be pleasently
remembered by those in attendance, for the
musical excellence of the singing of the visit-
ing talent and choir, and the fine instrumental
effects of the orchestra under the able direction
of Professor Joseph Welsh. Verdi’s musical
gem, Jesu Dei Viri, was sung by a quartette
composed of Mrs. Katharine Slack, Mrs. Mary
Voellker, Mr. John Simpson and Mr. James
King, the rendition being rarely perfect in fine
tonal quality and splendid blending of voices.
Salva Maria, by Marzo, was also rendered in
an equally delightful manner, well calculated

to hold the assemblagein rapt attention. Mrs,
K. Slack and Messrs King and Simpson com-
posing the trio.

Miss Marguerite Marie Marshall, who has
assisted the choir on former occassions, was
also present and sang O Salutairus, with that
clear articulation and sweetness of tonal quality
so pleasing to lovers of the beautiful in music.

The altar was ornate with candelabraand a
profusion of beautiful flowers which added
greatly to the imposing splendor of the service.

Owing to the absence of the Rev. Father
Micheal A. O’Kane S. J., the mass was cele-
brated by the Rev. Father Iorio, S. J.

A delegation of members of the American
Society for Visiting -Catholic Prisoners, was
present at the services, as were also a number
of others, making a total of over seven hundred,
including the inmate members of the church.

VISIT FROM CAPTAIN
CHARLES BOOTH

This institution was visited on Sanday last
by Captain Charles Booth son of Mrs. Maud B.
Booth, better known as the ‘‘Little Mother,”
who - brought a message of cheer and hope to
the inmates. Captain Booth addressed the
men on the several blocks in a few well chosen
and forceful remarks laying stress on the ne-
cessity for those in confinement to help them-
selves by a change of mental attitude and a
determination to live an upright life in the
future.

Captain Booth’sstay withus was necessarily
short, owing to the press of his many duties
in connection with the Volunteers of America.
The men were much pleased at his visit and
wished to hear more about the splendid work
being carried on by the Volunteers.

Captain Booth expressed regret at the short-
ness of time at his disposal and left with the
promise of another visit in the near future.

——————————————

State troops to be recruited to full strength.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games
Ninth 7—Shed 2

The Ninth defeated the Shed ina slow and
listless game by the score 7—2.

The Ninth scored 3 runs in the 1st inning
off Miller who was replaced by Banks, who
finished the game, allowing 5 hits and struck-
out 6.

Mac on the mound for the Ninth had the
game well in hand at all times, allowing only
two hits and fanned 11.

One of the Shed fielders mysteriously disap-
peared in the last inning and was replaced by
“‘Pollock Adam.’’

Score by innings as follows:

R HUL5R
Shedasar-d eoieirs 070707105000 10 =2 el
INEREhESe g =i S & 150 -0:1:2.020=-7 3§}

Home run—Wmsp’t.
Two base hits— Winters; Chick.
Umpires—Fred and Andy.

Wednesday’s Games
Ninth 1—Cubs 0

The Cubs-Ninth game developed into a close
pitchers’ battle, the final score being 1—0, in
favor of the Ninth.

Both Albie and Mack distinguished them-
selves, pitching in airtight fashicn.

The Ninth scored when Mac crossed the
plate in the fifth frame, on Mack’s sacrifice fly
to deep center.

Albie had 13 stike-outs, while he passed 1.

Mack fanned 12, and walked 1.

Barney’s work in the outer garden was the
feature in that department.

Score by innings as follows:

REHEBE
@O0 OO0 0= & ©
Nint heer e SR OZ0 R0 FB0S0SOF =SS S0
Doubles—Chick: Pettrili.
Umpires Fred and Frank.

Printers 4—Shed 4.

The Printers after getting a lead of 4—1 over
the Shed, were treated to a surprise, when the
Shed scored 3 rups in the 6th and 7th inning,
tieing the score, which remained 4—4 until the
end.

Big Slim pitching for the Printers, pitched a
good game, allowir g only 3 hits and struck out
8, but he became carele:s in the 7th inning
and allowed Banks to steal home, which tied
the score

Banks on the mound for the Shed struck-out
7 and allowed 6 hits.

Score by innings as follows:

(Continued on fourth page)
