---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_102.jpg
---
(\V}

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its

readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery. :

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer's registered number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413; Editor.

Philadelphia, June 21, 1916

PrisoN PoprPuLATION—Males 1417. Females
24. Total 1441 Last serial aumber B 8288

ARE YOU KEEPING IN STEP?

A good example on keeping in step was de-
monstrated by two men, evidently carpenters,
carrying several bulky pieces of lumber on
their shoulders through the street, and were
winding their way in and out among the crowd
with more or less discomfort, until finally the
man behind stumbled, nearly falling, and in so
doing lost step with his companion. A look of
annoyance and pain appeared on the face of the
leading man as the rough wood dug into his
shoulder from the effects of the irregular walk
of the helper.

Suddenly he hollered out.
in step there, will you?”’

His companion quickly caught the step of
the leader and they passed along with their
burden at a greater speed. The load had not
become lighter in any way, but the fact that
they were again in step enabled them to carry
the wood easily without further trouble.

Apparently it had not taken Andy very long
to grasp the idea when he was told what to do.
He realized immediately that he was at fault,
and knew what he should do to get right again,
and he acted promptly. Had he hesitated or
stopped, the burden would have been thrown
completely on his companion, or their progress
would have been checked, and the important
work on which the men were evidently bent
would have been delayed. :

This illustrates how important it is to “‘keep
in step’”’ when we are sharing a burden with
others. But do we? Are there not times when
we look around and stumble, allowing the full
weight to fall on another, and then ¢rumble
and find fault because we have been called to
account for our carelessness? Among those
with whom we come in contact, it is of the
greatest importance that we should strive to
work in harmony and keep pushing onward in
an effort to uplift. Let there be no slacking &
looking back, but rather a determination to
shoulder our own part of the work, and to do
our best to ‘‘keep in step’’ with those in the
lead.

‘“Hi, Andy! keep

THE UMPIRE

UNFAIR NEWSPAPER COMMENT

Among our exchanges we gladly welcome
Our View Point, which is clearly in the lead
of the western prison journals. Its pages are
filled with bright, snappy subjects well calcula-
ted to interest its subcribers and we select
the following article for the bencfit of our
readers.

We have had frequent occasion to protest
against the unfairness of newspaper comment
on the man inprison. Fortunately it is not
clearly so prevalent as formerly, since most of
the really big dailies are aligning themselves on
the side of the new penology. Occasionally
however, unfair and hurtful publicity has been
given to men convicted of crime long after the
cases have been disposed of in court and while
they are still paying the penalty. This
usually done just as their applications for re-
lease are about to be considered by the boatd
of pardons, with the palpable object in view of
discouraging the board from taking favorable
action. While it does not necessarily achieve
this result, still it provides the unthinking
multitude with a peg upon which to hang a
storm of protest against the release of ‘‘des-
perate criminals again to prey upon Society.”’

We believe that after a man has served the
prescribed term of imprisonment for the com-
mission of crime, and is eligible to release by
the board, no extraneous attempt on the part
of newspapers or indiviuals should be made to
prolong his term of servitude. The board of
pardons has been created for the purpose of
deciding upon just such cases, the data at their
command is far more complete and reliable
than may be had from any other source. It is
both unfair and presumptuous for anyone not
fully conversant with all the facts in the case,
including the fitness of the men for release as
exemplified by their conduct while in prison,
to attempt in any way to influence or criticize
the action of the board.

1s

MAKE AN EFFORT NOW

It is a pernicious habit to be constantly look-
ing back and thinking what ‘“you might have
done.”” It is not only a waste of thought en-
ergy, but it depresses the mind and causes a
host of other ills to follow as well.

Thought forces follow the lead of the mind
and mind may be likened to the leader of an
army; until he gives directions the army re-
mins passive.

It is very easy to say, ‘“Fifteen or twenty
years ago I might have done so and so, but now
I am too old.”” But that way of thinking and
talking is all ““bunk;”’ you are deceiving your-
self. Besides it will certainly prevent you
from accomplishing anything worth while, and
will keep you just where you are at any age.

Let us consider that Gladstone was Premier
of England at eighty-three, and Tennyson
wrote one of his greatest poems at the same
age; that Cato, the famous Roman statesman,
became proficient in Greek after he was eighty
and that Plutarch studied Latin and Socrates
music in advance old age. History also records

RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M. .
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel on
the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

many other similar instances too numerous to
mention. ;

It was not- by sitting down &nd vainly
wishing that they had acted differently at some
time in the past that they accomplished results
They wone by acting on their initiative of the
present, by directing their thought forces so as
to accomplish what was possible in the now.

The same is possible of most of us. If we
use our physical and mental forces in building
in the present —the now, it is certain that we
will attain our wishes and keep the mind
young and vigorous.

So let us apply ourselves in either work or
play, and of all things do not allow the mind
to fall into the evil habit of idle aimless wish-
ing, and to fill with regret and envy; but .
straighten up and do something.

Do it now.

INVERTED VALUES

Professor Fisher of Yale, says a baby is worth
$90; a grown person $4,000.

I always knew that money talks,
But now I know it hollers;

Oh husaby, oh lullaby,
My little ninety dollars!

They say that riches all take wings,
My trepidation follers;

Oh husaby, oh lullaby,
My little ninety dollars!

The moon looks down the livelong night
And shines upon the cholera,
Amused to see four thousand plunks
Walk ninety little dollars.
New York Sun.

To show what a nice, law abiding spirit some
of our large corporations have we note the
following case: It seems that the Otis Manu-
facturing Company, of New Orleans, La., were
unwilling to comply with the new seaman’s
act, which recently became operative. So they
transferred their two large steamers from Amer-
ican to Nicaraguan registry, and thereby evaded
complying with United States law. Probably
this same firm would be quick to holler “mu-
tiny’’ in case of a strike among their seamen.

A man only understands that of which he has
already the beginnings in himself.
