---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_103.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

w

INTERESTING INFORMATION

A new submarine, the L-11, was christened
at Quincy, Mass., a few days ago by Miss
Mary Latimer, daughter of Capt. Julian
Latimer, U. S. N. The submarine is one of the
largest underwater boats in the U. S. navy,
being 170 feet long and having a cruising
radius of 5,500 miles.

8

Besides growing white grapes on red grape
vines and vice versa, H. R. Hobson, of Long
Beach, Calif., has succeeded in making Con-
cord grapes grow on a fig tree. This he con-
siders his crowning accomplishment. His or-
chard is a small one but he spends considerable
time in caring for it, training the trees to grow
all sorts of odd ways.

&

According to a recent report from Rome, the
white and yellow Papal flag is to wave for the
first time on the ocean. Monsignor Locatelli,
the Papal Internuncio at Buenos Aires, having
‘been transferred to Brussels, were he will be
Nuncio, desiring to insure his safety while at
sea, has chartered a steamer which will be called
the ‘‘Nuncius,’’ and will carry the Papal colors
as those of a neutral power.

&5

Cole Younger, ex-convict and former mem-
ber of the James outlaw band died at his boy-
hood home, Lees Summit, Mo. He was the last
of the notorious robber band which stole
enough in its career to net its members $100,
000 apiece. After having spent his earlier days
as a criminal, Younger joined a church after
he was released from prison, and continued a
devout Christian until the time of his death.

o

While waiting ona customer, a decorator
in a millinery shop in Atlantic City, N. J.,
reached into a drawer behind the counter.
She felt something grasp her tightly by the
arm which she quickly withdrew, bringing
out a huge snake coiled about the wrist. Over-
come by the shcck, she fainted. The customer
rushed into the street calling for help but no-
one dared touch the reptile until a policeman
came and removed it from the girl’s arm  The
snake belonged to a high school fraternity
which used it for initiative purposes.

S

The annual report of the district attorney of
New York county, N. Y., shows that during
the year 1915, some 2,480 single men and 1,240
married men were arraigned ‘in the criminal
courts. The report also shows that about 70
per cent of the male criminals arraigned in the
past 10 years were bachelors. These figures
would seem to indicate that marriage is con-
ductive to good behavior in the male of the
specie. More crimes were committed by men
between the ages of 21 and 30 than by those
of any other ages, the figures show.

When I want to do a thing, I find it diffi.
cult to persuade myself to the contrary. A
common failing?

THE WATER THAT HAS PASSED

An Old Poem

Listen to the water mill,
Through the livelong day,

How the clanking of the wheel
Wears the hours away.

Languidly the autum wind
Stirs the greenwood leaves;

From the fields the reapers sing.
“Binding up the sheaves;’’

And a proverb haunts my mind,
As a‘spell it casts:

‘““The mill will never grind
With the water that has passed’’

Take the lesson to thyself,
Living heart and true;

Golden years are fleeting by,
Youth is passing too;

Learn to make the most of life,
Lose no happy day;

Time will never bring thee back
The chances swept away.

Leave no tender word unsaid,
Love while life shall last—

“‘The mill will never grind
With the water that has passed.’’

Work while yet the daylight shines,
Man of strength and will;
Never does the streamlet glide
* Unless by the mill.
Wait not until to-morrow’s sun
Beams upon the way;
All that thou canst call thine own
Lies in thy to-day.
Power, intellect and health,
May not, cannot last:
““The mill will never grind
With the water that has passed.”’

Oh, the wasted hours of life
That have drifted by;

Oh, the good we might have done,
Lost without a sigh;

Love that we might once have saved
By a single word;

Thoughts conceived, but never penned,
Perishing unheard.

Take the proverb to thine heart,
Take! Oh, hoid it fast!—

““The mill will never grind
With the water that has passed.

—Anonymous

It pays to show a manly spirit when the oc-
casion arises. At last so it proved in the case
of Frank Canning, of Clarksboro, N. J., who
recently received a fortune of $200,000, left to
him by a Detroit, Mich., woman who died some
time ago.

It appears that at some previous time the
woman was visiting in the East and while rid-
ing in a street-car she was made the subject of
a number of coarse jests by a crowd of loafers
who were in the car. This proved too much
for Canning’s manhood to stand, so he sailed
into the crowd and after throwing off two of
their number, forced the others to desist. For
that act he has just received a splendid reward.

BORROWED MIRTH

Ethel—Is the man you are engaged to all
bookish?
Marie—Well, yes; pocketbookish.

&

Brown—Back to town again? I thought you
were a farmer. ;
Green—You made the same mistake I did.

25

Teacher—Johnnie, this is the worst compo-
sition in the class, and I’m going to write to
your father and tell him.

Johnnie—Don't keer if you do; he wrote it
for me.

8

“Boby, do ‘you know you’ve deliberately
broken the eighth commandment by stealing
James’s candy?’’

““Well, I thought I might as well break the
eighth commandment and have the candy as
to break the 10th and only ‘covet’ it.”’—

5

““These doctors are all frauds. They all say
that a good laugh is healthful. I know better.”’

‘‘Been experimenting?’’

“Yes. My father fell down stairs this
morning and I had a good laugh. Now I can’t
sit down without pain.”’

2

“‘Well, Dinah, I hear you are married.”’

““Yassum,’’ said the former cook, ‘‘I'se done
got me a man now.’’

“Is he a good provider?”’

““Yassum. He’s a mighty good pervider, but
I’se powerful skeered he’s gwine ter git kotch-
ed at it.”’

S

Little Robert rushed into the kitchen one
day and asked his mother what kind of pie she
she was making.

““Lemon meringue pie,”” she answered.

The little fellow dissapeared, but presently
returned, ‘‘Mother,”” he said ‘‘what did you
say is the pie’s middle name?”’

S

“Look at that foolish Mr. Baker,’’ said one
man to another, “out on a rainy day like this
without an umbrella! Is he crazy?’’

“I guess so,’’ said his friend hurriedly, ‘‘Let’s
hurry on. I don’t want to meet him.”’

“Why not?”’

“‘He may recognize this umbrella. It's his.”’

o

Claude had been promised a motor ride with
his father, and his mother had sent him wup-
stairs to get ready. As he came down his moth-
er asked:

““Have you washed your face, Claude?”’

‘““Yes’m,’”’” answered the boy.

““And your hands?’’ queried the mother.

“Yep,’’ said Claude. '

“And your neck?’ persisted the mother.

““Oh, see here, Mother,”’ said the boy, in
disgust, ‘‘I ain’t no angel!”
