---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_104.jpg
---
|

4

THE UMPIRE

—_— ===

STANDING OF THEE. S. P. LEAGUE

WL Pet, W.. L. Pct:
Printers 2ITNER 7 o4 Cubs 15 14 517
Ninth 19 10 654 Shed 8 26 103

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

Wes L= Pete Wan s Pet

Brooklyn 29 17 630 Chicago 25 27 481

Phila. 28 20 583 Cinn. o4 98 462

New York 24 21 533 Pittsburg 21 27 438

Boston 22 23 489 " St.Louis 22 32 407

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

Wane s =Ect, We sl S aPct

Cleviland 32 22 593 Boston 27 26 509

Wash'ton 29 23 558 Chicago 25 26 490

Detroit 30 24 558 St. Louis 22 30 423

New Vork 28 23 549 Athletics 15 34 306
(Continued from st page)

RHTE

Shed ______________ 10000120—4 3 3

Rrinters == B 10003000—4 6 1

Doubles—Hagy; Banks.
Umpires—Slim and Andy.

Thursday’s Games
Printers 9—Shed 5

The Shed started after the Printers in whirl-
wind fashion, scoring 3 runs in the 1st and
2nd inning, but were unable to hold the lead
losing out by the score of 9—5.

Banks lor the Shed, pitched good ball until
the 5th inning, then the Printers got their
heavy hitting machine working and seored 7
runs, Banks then gave way to Moony, who
fared little better, their being 7 hits recorded:’
between the pair, and 4 strike-outs.

Big Slim was on the mound for the Printers,
allowing only 3 hits, and struck out 7.

The game was exciting and was marked by
many disputes over decisions rendered by the
Umpire.

Score by innings as follows:

Briters=a st 00

Shedste =0 = 3 0-1
Home run—Jack.
Doubles—Banks; Slats; Stump.
Umpires Slim and Andy.

H=E
L ASZ 0 0 =0 9575
20110 0—53 2

Saturday’s Games

Honor Club 5—Blocks 1

The Honor Club had little trouble in winning
from the Blocks by the score of 5 to 1.

Mac for the Honor Club was touched for 4
hits and struck out 7.

Billy for the Blocks allowed 6 hits and struck
out 3.

Rube was the star in the field.

Umpire—Slim.

Cooks 11—Bakers 6

The Cooks again took the Bakers into camp,
the final score being 11 to 6.

Banks and Blakie pitched for the Cooke,
fanning 7 and walking 3.

Big John for the Bakers, struck out 7 and
passed 2.

Chick’s home run featured the game.
Umpire—]Jacoby.
Monday’s Games
Printers 5—Shed 1

Unable to solve the shoots and curves of
Slats, the Printers’ utility man, the Shed fell
an easy prey to the Printers 5 to 1.

Jim scored the Sheds only run in the fourth
frame on his terrific drive over the fifth block,
for the circuit.

That old ‘‘soup bone’’ of Slats is working
nicely, and he should come through this season
with a fine record. He fanned 7, and passed 2.

Herb for the Shed struck out 3 and passed 4.

Score by innings as follows:

R. HOE
Shed.~ - . .- i 4. 2000 A H0505080:0=1 ¥ S
Printiets "= =5 -k 15003161 25010 0226 8680

Home run—]Jim.
Umpires—Marty and Andy.
Ninth 6—Cubs 5

The Ninth won from the Cubs by the close
score of 6—5, and it was a hard fought game
from the start.

Manager Boyd was dissatisfied with a de-
cision made bythe Umpire in the 4th inning,
and the game was finished under a protest.

Charley for the Ninth pitched a strong game
for the 5 innings he was on the mound, allowing
only 1 hit, struck out 5 and walked 2, then
gave way to Mac, who finished up in good
form, allowing only 1 hit.

Boyd for the Cubs was touched for 9 hits,
struck out 8 and walked 2.

Score by innings asfollows:

R.H. E.
Eihs 2eascer ol - UE o 01130000—5 2 0
Ninthi@esae woae s 20021100—6 9 2

Doubles— Mac; Chick 3; Fats.
Umpires—Slim and Frank.

Batting Averages of Players Batting .300 and
Over, Including Games of Juue 15.

No. Name A=by S Hits "SRt
B 6353 Jore 68 29 426
B 7664 Jacoby 85 36 423
B 7685 Hagy 90 36 400
B7471 Chick 95 34 .358
B7846 Taylor 91 32 1252
B 7449 Cope 36 12 .333
B 6507 Slats 80 26 2825
B 7826 Banks 52 16 308
B 7387 Mac 72 22 .306

B 6286 Secretary

Boy Choir Gives Song Service

A pleasing afternoon of song was afforded
the inmates of this institution on Sunday last,
by the visit of the Boy Choir of the Episcopal
Church of Our Saviour, of West Philadelphia.

The clear sweetness of the youthful voices
gave added charm to the tuneful hymns which
were sung on the Center.

Two solos by adult members of the choir were
clearly rendered with fine tonal quality and
evenness of voice, proving their reputation for
good singing to be well founded. The entire
program was well selected and handled by the
choristers in a manner redounding their credit.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Honor and Friendship Club held their
usual weekly festivities on the institution
grounds with ball playing and music, on Satur-
day afternoon last. The club delegates ap-
peared for the first time in their new white caps
of neat design. Besides the ball game, the
club members were entertained by the H. and
F. C. orchestra with a complete program of
musical selections which is given below:

Program
1. March Frost King Kennett
2. Waltz  Daughter of the Sea  Heinzman
3. Char’istic B. C. Musings Eno
4. Cornet Solo Selected B 6765
5. March For the Flag Lampe
Intermission
6. March Military Hero Kennett
7, Waltzes Queen of Roses Weidt
8. Cake Walk Darkies Drill Melville
9. Galop Whip and Spur Allen
10. March A Tip Topper Corey

OUR HONOR CLUB

Our Honor Club’s progressing,
T’is gaining day by day;

Its influence is spreading,
Good cheer in many a way.

It helps the sick and weary,
Brings smiles, instead of tears.

Gives many pleasant hours,
Thus—shortens weary years.

Its deeds indeed, are golden,
Its thoughts are pure and white;
It helps many a weary wanderer,
Through many a stormy night.

Many good, hard dollars,
It slips into the hand;

That otherwise would be empty,
Were it not for our Honor Band.

So, comrades, be ye cheerful!
Thy deeds are not untold—
And be ye ever faithtul,
To our colors—White and Gold.
Rep. Del. B 5602.

EPISCOPAL SERVICES
: AND BAPTISM

The regular monthy Episcopal service was
held at the E. S. P. Chapelon Thursday last,
the Rev. Thomas J. Taylor, assisted by the
Rev. H. M. Peck, conducting the service. An
edifying sermon was addressed to the inmates
with the purport of inducing a higher ideal of
life and a desire for moral betterment. The
service was well attended and communion was
administered to sixty-four inmate members of
the church. The choir did well in song, show-
ing improvement under the careful direction of
the new choirmaster.

In the afternoon, Baptismal services were
conducted by the Rev. T. J. Taylor, at which
time sixteen inmates were baptized.

Chaplain Joseph Welch, Mrs. Keen, Mrs.
Connoly and a number of others were present
at the services. i
