---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_105.jpg
---
%
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

VOL. V

IT IS REPORTED THAT JAPAN
SEEKS WAR WITH U. S.

War Vessels and Transports Are Being
Rushed at all Shipyards, it is Declared

A New York report states that according to

Andrew D. Browne, a wealthy tea planter
from the East Indies, who recently sailed for
that port for Liverpool, Japan is preparing for
war with the United States, and the subject
is discussed ' daily by the people and in the
local news papers as a thing that is to happen
in the near future.
- ““The shipyards of Japan are working day
and night,”” Mr. Browne said, ‘“urning out
warships at a speed that is remarkable to
those who know the Japan of 25 or 30 years
ago. In addition, the two big steamship
companies, the Toyo Kissen Kaisha and the
Nippon Yusen Kaisha, are building steam-
ships which can be used as troop transports or
for carrying stores.

It is common talk about an immediate seiz-
ure of the Philippine Islands, and giving aid to
the Mexicans. In addition, they talk of annex-
ing the fertile islands of Sumatra and Java,
now owned by the Dutch. They consider the
the Dutch could not help themselves under the
present circumstances and that Japan could
thus acquire valuable territory.

CHOIR AND ORCHESTRA
GIVE SONG SERVICE

The E. S. P. orchestra and choir gave a fine
:Song Service on the Center at. this institution
on Sunday last.

The choir did exceptionally well with the
hymns, singing in good harmony and full vo-
lume of tone. This is all the more praise-
worthy when the continuous changing of inmate
members is considered.

The orchestra also did clever work in the
execution of the several numbers of the pro-
gram, bringing out an even blending of the
different gradations of orchestral effects. This
shows the earnest efforts of Professor A F.
Wiegandt to maintain a - high standard of abi-
lity for the men under his direction.

. Concluding the services Chaplain Joseph
Welch addressed the inmates: present, urging
the necessity =of constant effort to- secure a
right attitude of mind, so that lasting results
will follow on going into the outer world.

“‘By constant effort we build and grow, which
isonly following out the Universal law. He
who lesitates or stops, and no longer tries to
the weakness

improve, is lost; and that is
is too late.”’

which must be checked before it

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, June 28, 1916

CONGRESS AWAITS WORD OF
PRESIDENT TO DECLARE WAR

Troops are Being Hurried to the Border
—100,000 Men Ready by the
End of This Week

Congress and the war department have put
renewed energy into their preparations for war.
Should a formal break occur at any time,
General Funston will be in a position to defend
the border states against Mexican raids.

Orders have been issued to departmental com-
manders calling for greater speed in getting the
national guard to the scene of action. The
need of troops at the border is imperative and
no time should be lost in transporting the men
to their proper destination.

It is estimated that their will be nearly 100, -
000 troops under General Funston’s command
by the end of this week. Should Congress de-
clare war with Mexico, Funston will be in a
position to begin operations on a war footing.

Late despatches indicate that General Per-
shing now has 12 000 men under his command
and isin a position to defend his troops against
Mexican assault or treachery.

GREAT CONVENTION OF
ADVERTISING MEN

Begining Saturday last and continuing until
Monday, a vast multitude of delegates poured
into this city from the four corners of the earth,
to attend the annual convention of the As-
sociated Advertising Clubs of the world. It is
estimated that over 10,000 delegates are in
town this week, not to mention a host of others
who came as invited guests.

The opening exarcises took place at the
Metropolitan Opera House on Sunday after-
noon, with an address by the Hon. Frank R.
Lane, Secietary of the Interior, which was fol-
lowed by other able speakers on various topics
of interest.

The Poor Richard Club orchestra, composed
of some fifty members of the Philadelphia Or-
chestra, furnished the music for the occasion,
and a chorus of 150 voices added their melody
to the festivities.

It is announced that 100 crates of peacheg
were distributed along Broad street during the
parade Monday night by the Boosters Club, an
organization of commission merchants, which
took part in the parade.

A general program was arranged for the ad-
vertising men which will keep them on the
jump during their stay in Philadelphia, and
from all accounts the occasion will be considered
the most replete with unusual novelties for
edification and amusements that has ever been
accomplishe d.

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 26
BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games
Printers 3—Shed 2

The Shed put up a spirited fight against the
Printers, but failed to score enough runs to
win; the score being 3 to 2 in the Printers favor.

Big Slim was on the mound for the Printers
and allowed 5 hits, walked one and struck out 7.

Banks for the Shed held the Printers to 4
hits, walked 3 and struck out 3.

Score by innings as follows:

R

ShedSheREuaits 00010100 0—
_________ 00102000 0—3
Doubles—Banks; Maxwell; Jack; Jim.
Umpires—Fred and Andy.

Ninth—4 Cubs—3

SEES
5 2
4 1

The Cubs lost an exciting game to the Ninth,
the final score being 4—3-

The Cubs threatened seriously to tie the score
in the 7th frame, but the Ninth infied held to-
gather well; making many spectacular plays.

The “‘breaks’ did not hold good for Albie,
who allowed 4 hits, fanned 9, and passed 1.

Winters for the Ninth struck out 7, and
walked 4.

Brilliant fielding was the rule of the game.

Score by innings as follows:

, RECHS S
CubSHEE I TN 101000100—3 7 1
Ninth_:c” 2 70 0050540200 0L0—4 190

Doubles—Charlie: White: Doc.
Umpires Marty and Harman.

Thursday’s Games
Printers—4 Ninth—3

Lack of hard work and several costly errors
played a prominent part in the Ninth’s losing
to the Printers by score of 4—3.

The pitching honors was about equally divi-
ded between Mac. for the Ninth and Hagy for
the Printers; Mac. having allowed 7 hit, walk-
ed 2 and struck out 11.

Hagy also allowed 7 hits, walked 1 and struck
out 7.

The work of Buck, the Printers back stop,
was one of the features of the game.

Score by innings as follows:

RS E
Printers -t s il OIS IF AR 005 BEO=—4=788]
Nintht = S0 el 0508 2 0RO E () =2

Doubles—]Jacoby; Slats; Baum; Pet.
Umpires Fred and Andy.

Shed 7—Cubs 2

The rejuvenated Shed team woke up, and
broke their“jinx,”” defeating the Cubs 7—2.
The Sheds were entitled to victory, for they

(Continued on fourth page)
