---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_106.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

_———————_—_'_____—-——————_—_—————_—————————__———-_——-——

THE UMPIRE

___________,__————_=———____——_-__———-——-—'———____—__—
Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
is desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page-

B 7413; Editor.

Philadelphia, June 28 1916

PrISON PopULATION—Males 1410. Females
94 Total 1434 Last serial aumber B 8290
_______———————__________—————'—_.—_—————-——————————-‘—

LET THIS STATUTE BE APPLIED

It is pleasing to note the interest that is be-
ing manifested in the welfare and uplift of the
convicted man by the influential press of the
country, which is indicative of a decided change
in Societies attitude toward the law breaker.
That this will eventually result in much good
for all concerned, may be taken for granted.

In a recent issue of the Saturday Evening
Post, we read: ‘A Pennsylvania statute pro-
vides that when a person is convicted of any
crime, except a few which necessarily involve
gross moral turpitude, and it appears that he
has not before been convicted of crime, then
the court may take into consideration the de-
fendant’s character and all the collateral cir-
cumstances «f the case—for example, whether
he has been generally industrious or a loafer;
whether he bears a reputation for common
honesty or the reverse; how well he has dis-
charged his obligations to his family or other
dependents; what his motive was in committing
the crime. And if it appears ‘‘that he or she
is not likely again to engage in offensive con-
duct, and that the public good dves not require
that the defendant should suffer the penalty
imposed by law,’’ the court may suspend the
sentence and place the defendant on probation,
on such terms as it deems proper. This is an
intelligent law, and we are glad to note it in
the Keystone State, which, by and large, prob-
ably has as many civic virtues as any other
member of the Union.”’etc.—

We heartily agree with the writer about the
“‘civic virtues’’—ahem!—and all the other nice
things that can be said of Pennsylvania, but
we do wish the writer of the quoted article had
mentioned the name or names of some of the
judges who have taken advantage of the statute
mentioned in the dispensation of justice.

In the large number of cases which come be-
fore the court, surely there must be some that
are worthy of the special consideration of the
trial judge.

If the Saturday FEvening Post will please

publish the names of the judges who apply the
aforementioned statute in their decrees, we will
be only too glad to reprint the same in bold
type at the head of our columns.

WON HIS OWN PARDON

Some time ago, a man was sent to the county
prison of a western state for passing worthless
checks. Within the institution grounds there
was a chapel, barren and forbidding. The
prisoner noticed this, and asked for the privi-
lege of adorning the wallsof the building in a
suitable manner. Permission was granted, anda
deputy-sheriff bought the required supplies
from his own slender income. Shortly after the
work was finished the local Board of Parole held
its meeting in the sheriffs office. When the last
application for parole had been passed upon:
and the board was about to adjourn, the sheriff
entered the office and said: ‘‘Gentleman, I
have one more application for your considera-
tion before you leave. If you will please follow
me, [ will show vou something worthy of your
attention.” They proceeded with him to the
newly decorated chapel, the interior of which
had been transformed from gloom to a finely
decorated room, finished in most beautiful
colors and sacred designs.

The impression on the board may be im-
agined, when they unanimously voted the pri-
soner’s immediate release.

The ability of the decorator and his evident
fondness for the beautiful, had found a ready
response in the hearts of the prison inspectors.

It is a pleasure to note the sympathetic action
of the men constituting the board of parol, as
being worthy of commendation.

Let us hope that this good example may be
followed by other prison administrative bodies
in the future.

THE POWER WITHIN

Many men frequently become discouraged
because they allow their thoughts to run along
a narrow groove, which dulls mental effort and
leads to a dreary monotony of life that palls on
the imaginative powers of themind. We should
not allow the flow of thought to become clog-
ged by lack of effort, for most of men have—
if they only know it—an enormous amount of
latent force, power, slumbering within them,

which, if aroused by some worthy incentive, .

would do marvels in broadening their views and
make life well worth the living.

We recall to mind the incident of a well-
known judge in a western city, who in middle
life was an illiterate mechanic; when being
deeply impressed with the opportunities open
in the legal field, took up the study of law and
developed his latent mentality. In a few years
he developed exceptional ability as an attorney
and was finally made a judge. He is now over
sixty-five, and is said to be the owner of one of
the finest libraries in his state, with the reputa-
tion of being the best-read man in the commu-
nity, and one who is ever ready to help his
fellow-man.

One might be tempted to ask what caused

RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel ¢n
the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

the sudden change in his life? The answer is,
the hearing of a lecture on the value of educa-
tion. Simple enough, yet that was what awak-
ened the dormant power within him, aroused
his ambition, and started his thoughts along
the line of greater self-improvement.

THE PATH OF THE PILGRIM

By Janet Thurber

Never to lose in the seeking

The sight of the goal to attain,
Never to pause in the working

Though the labor bring bittesest pain.

Only to hear on the night wind

The voice that has call at dawn,
Never to sink or be weary

With doubts of the swift-coming morn.

Never to falter from fearing,
Never to cease to desire,

Never to stumble from watching
The light from a wandering fire.

Always to follow and strive
Holding your faith for your star,

Knowing the spirit of love
‘Worketh wherever you are.

It is said that Americans who have enlisted
in the British army for service in Europe are
to be denied the use of the name ‘‘American
legion,’’ according to orders of the Canadian
Government authorities.  These swagger
Americans will not be permitted to diplay the
title on their uniforms or on any other part of
their equipment.

This is as it should be, and we are pleased
at the action taken by the Canadian author-
ities, which was induced by a request made by
officials of the United States Government.

AN AERIAL AMBULANCE

Inventive genius seems never to have been
so prolific as at the present time. Among the
many novelties announced as practical is an
aerial ambulance, built by a California manu-
facturer, and army aviators at San Diego, Cal.,
have been permitted to see it. Under the
hody of the aeroplane is slung a small cot,
which is so fastened and constructed that it
will be impossible for the occupant to fall out
or even be shaken when the aeroplane volplanes
to earth. It is understood that while the craft

is en route to the hospital a trained attendant
will be enabled to give first aid to the patient,
