---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_107.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

S

INTERESTING INFORMATION

Wild hogs, called ‘‘jabalis’’ by the natives,
are used as watchdogs in some parts of Mexico.
If caught young and brought up with goats
they follow the herdsinto the hills and pro-
tect them from coyotes and other wild animals,
and if raised with chickensthey fight to protect
them. They are said to be as good asany
watchdog about the house, and can be trained
to follow their master just like a dog.

&

A world’s record in the construction of blast
furnaces was shattered when the Cambria Steel
Company, now owned by the Midvale Steel
Company, blew in its latest plant, known as
No. 9. The torch was lighted by Miss Jane
Ogden, daughter of John C. Ogden, superin-
tendent of the mechanical department of the
Cambria Steel Company. The time consumed
in the construction of the furnace was 85 days.
The previous best record was 132 days.

8

" Signor Marconi, inventor of the Marconi
wireless system, is planning to try out his latest
invention with which he will attempt to send
wireless messages to airships flying at various
heights. The ltalian scientist is confident that
his new invention will prove a suceess and pre-
dicts through it a marked advance in the effect-
iveness of aircraft in war and in ordinary com-
mercial use.

&

Secretary of the Interior Lane, officiated at
ceremonies held recently in Yankton, S. Dak.,
in which 186 Sioux Indians publicly renounced
the faith of their ancestors and took the oath
of allegiance to the United States. Each In-

- dian was given an arrow which he shot into the
air signifying that he would never want it
again. Then each grasped the handleof a
plow, thus showing his willingness to accede to
modern civilization.

8

After two years of suffering from dyspepsia
and various other digestive disorders, William
Richards, a Stockton, Pa., man, submitted to
an x-ray examination to determine, if possible,
the cause of the trouble. The examination
revealed two silver forks and a teaspoon inside
his stomach, the walls of which had grown
thick and leathery from being much inflamed.
It is thought that Richards swallowed the
cutlery when in a delirious state.

&

Army officials are favorably regarding the
in8ovation of railway dreadnoughts, one of the
latest inventions brought out for national de-
fense. The affair consists of a heavy steel car
made so that it can be firmly fixed on a c-n-
crete base, where it would be used as a mount
for big guns. The fact that it can be quickly
moved to any point of defense is its chiefest
asset, officials say. Congressman Capstick, of
N. .5 has asked congress to appropriate $10,
000,000 toward providing the government with
a number of them.

.every where.

‘“THE PRISONER'S ADDRESS TO HIS

MOTHER.”’

I've wondered far from thee, mother;
Far from our happy home.

I’ve left the land that gave me birth,
In other lands to roam;

And time since then has rolled his years,
And marked them on my brow.

Yet still I’ve often thought of thee;
I’m thinking of thee now.

I’'m thinking of those days, mother,
When with such earnest pride

You watched the dawings of my youth
And pressed me to your side;

And memory brings thy parting words
When tears fell o’er thy cheek,

But thy last loving, anxious look
Told more than words could speak.

I’'m far away from thee mother,
No kindred near me now

To soothe me with a tender work—
Or cool my burning brow.

The dearest ties affection wove
All are now torn from me.

 They left me when the trouble came,

They did not love like thee.

I know thy tender heart, mother,
Still beats as warm for me
As when I left thee long ago
To cross the broad deep blue sea.
And I love thee just the same, mother,
And long to hear thee speak,
And fe:l, once more, thy balmy breath
Upon my careworn cheek.

And, O! there is a thought, mother,
Pervades my beating breast,

That thy freed spirit may have flown
To its eternal rest.

And as I wipe the tears away
There wispers in mine ear

A voice that speaks of Heaven and thee,

And bids me seek thee there.
Printed by special request

BELT LINE ROAD ADVOCATED

Preparedness now seems to be a by-word and
many are the schemes advanced by the wise-
acres, with the assurance of their efficacy. One
of the latest of these suggests that a belt line
road be built around the United States, near
the sea coast. Such a road would be undoubted
value; but enthusiasts in this direction appar-
ently lose sight of the foundamental fact that,
either for war or peace, we need good roads
Another lesson that can be drawn
from experience of Europe of late, is to so build
the roads that they will stand up in time of
need.

¢‘Ag disasters are sudden, triumphs are unex-
pected. The spirit of victory is as rapid as the
genius of ruin. To get up and go on when
you’re knocked down is to get somewhere.’’

Even though I fail to keep my good resolu-
tions, I will make one grand fight for the right
during the future.

BORROWED MIRTH

Knicker—Whom does the baby look like?
Bocker—He is neutral. '

o

‘“‘While the auto thief was speeding away,
the stolen car turned turtle and pinned him to
the ground.”’

‘“Caught with the goods on him, eh?”’

&

Cawker—I’ve had another addition to my
family since I saw you last.
Cumso—You don’t say!

Cawker—Son-in-law.

8

Stella—In case of war, how many of your
relatives would go?

Bella—Well, there are 17 men to whom I
have promised to be a sister.

&

Mistress—Dinah, I haven’t seen your hus-
band about for some time—is he ill?

Dinah—No, indeedy, missus, ’taint dat,
he’s jes simply too proud to work.

&

“I want a pair of pants for my sick hus-
band,’’ said the woman.

“What size?’’ asked the clerk.

“I don't know, but I think he wears a 1415
collar.”

Boy or girl?

o

“‘How useless girls are today. I don’t be-
lieve they know what needles are for.”

“‘How absurd you are, grandma,’’ protested
the girl. ‘‘Of course, I know what needles ‘
are for. They’re to make the graphophone
play.”

r

“There must have been a terrific struggle,”’”’
said the detective. ‘I see finger prints on
every wall and door.”’

“‘Struggle, nothing,”” said the head of the
house. ‘‘We have four children and the only
place you won’t find finger prints is on the
ceilings.

&

Peggy was two years younger than Bessie.
As is the way with younger sisters, Bessie's
outgrown clothes became Peggy’s humiliating
heritage. One day Bessie made an exciting
discovery.

‘*“‘My goodness,”’ she said. ‘‘I’ve got a loose
tooth. I think I’ll pull it out.”

“Oh, don’t,” Peggy implored. *‘‘Mother
will make me wear it.”’ ;

S

The taxi whirled along, nearly knocking
over a public building. Then it swerved again
as it passed within the ace of a policeman’s
foot. The occupant threw her head out of the
window and cried out:

* “Be careful driver, this is the first time I
have ever ridden in a taxi.”

“All right, madam,’”’ replied the driver,
“sthis is the first time I have ever driven one.”
