---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_108.jpg
---
e N e N e T T I Yo

>

4

THE UMPIRE

S —— e e
e R e e

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE

W. L. Pct. W. L, Pct.
Printers 23 10 697 Cubs 17 156 531
Ninth 21 11 656 Shed AR O0ER [ 21

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pctv. W. L. Ect
Brooklyn 34 21 630 Cinn. 28 32 467
Phila. 31925 1 583 Chicago 27 31 466

Boston 28525 = 533
New York 27 27 489

Pittsburg 25 29 463
St. Louis 26 36 419

AMERI1ICAN LEAGUE STANDING

We s Bcte

Clev'land 385 25 583
New Vork 33 30 559
Detroit 33 28 541
Wash’'ton 32 28 533

IWEEIT PGt
Boston 32 28 533
Chicago 29 29 500
St. Louis 26 34 433
Athletics 17 39 304

(Continued from st page)
outplayed, and outbatted the Boyd Clan.

Silly at second made several brilliant stops,
that robbed the Cubs of base hits, while Spitz
turned a somersault after maklng a shoestring
catch at third.

The other Sheds worked well or the defensive
and looked 50 per cent better than or past
performances.

Banks allowed 6 hits,
pitched ball.

Boyd fanned 7, passed 4, and 2 hits by
pitched ball.

Score by innings as follows:

3 passes and 1 hit by

RASEINe
Shed st e 7 SEL S 0F0T0~ 1 SO S de— 7 e el
GubsSesovi s 000100 030 08102286850

Doubles—Spitz.
Umpires—Marty and Harmon.

Friday’s Games
Cubs 3—Shed 1

The Shed put up a hard fighc¢ against the
Cubs, but were put out of the running by a de-
cision of the Umpire in the 3rd inning.

The score until this inning stood 1 to O in
the Sheds favor; the Cubs had two men on base
with two out, when Pidge tried to score 0o a
fly ball, and was caught several feet from ine
plate; but Boyd walked between the runner and
the umpire, and obstructed the latter’s view,
and the runner was called safe.

Albie on the mound for the Cubs allowed 1
hit, struck out 4 and walked 1.

Herb for the Shed allowed 3 hits, walked 6
and struck out 4.
Score by innings as follows:
IR ES
Gibenee- - 0 03052804150 080 2283 ]
Shedotenooe, 0L 0E05 00020 S 1 (R

Two base hits—Blink; Pidge.
Umpires—Fred and Andy.

Ninth 5—Printers 1

Timely hitting by the Ninth coupled with
classy fielding support, spelled defeat for the
Printers 5—1.

The Printers scored their lone tally in the
second frame when Hagy scored on Slats sac-
rifice hit.

e i B gty Al . e A S e JPRVEL ST NS S

Jacoby the ‘‘Printers Star,’” appeared in the
line-ups today, but was disabled in the early
part of the game when he had a bad fall.

Stump fielding spectacularly, and looked like
a real second base-man.

Mac, Pettrili and Charlie led the Ninth at-
tack.

Winters struck out 7, and walked 4. Charlie
fanned 9, and passed 2.

Score by innings as follows:

RS
Ninth e 0:010:3:20:0:0:0—5 71
Printersco s Suisne OO0 00 0 =l & i

Triples—Mack; Hagy.
Doubles—Charley; Pet; Jack.
Umpires—Marty and Harmon.

Saturday’s Games:
Cooks 6—DBakess 3

Manager ‘‘Big Doc’’ pitched the Cooks to
a nine inning victory over the Bakers by a
6 to 3 score.

Big Doc fanned 8§, while he passed 5.

John for the Bakers fanned 8, and walked 2.

A long drive by Buck, and the stick work of
Big Doc featured the game.

Umpire—Jacoby.

Monday’s Games

Cubs—10 Shed—3

The Cubs hammered Banks hard and defeat-
ed the Shed by a score of 10—3.

Boyd, who twirled the full game for the
Cubs, had excellent control, he allowed 38 hits,
fanned 5, and passed 1.

Banks for the Shed did not fare so well, al-
lowing 13 hits, fanned 6 and passed 7.

Albie did some classy maneuvering in the
inner garden, a clever catch by him was the
outstanding feature.

Score by innings as follows:

Home runs —Beck, Evans.
Doubles— Pidge, Barney, Ginger.
Umpires—Marty, Collins.

Ninth 7—Printers 4

The game between the Printers and Ninth
was a hard fought battle, and was featured by
heavy hitting on both sides; but the Ninth had
a little the better of the hitting match and the
game ended 7—4 in their favor.

Hagy on the mound for the Printers was
touched for 9 hits and struck out 13.

Mac for the Ninth allowed 7 hits and struck
out 5.

Lucky was the star of the game having two
doubles and a home run.

Score by innings asfollows:

ROEISIE
Primtersin e N i) 00100201—4 9 O
NI S e S 2001004 x—7 7 1

Home run—Lucky.

Triples—Williamsport; Stump.

Doubles—Lucky 2; Stump 2; Jack; Hagy;
Saul; Charley.

Umpires—Fred and Frank.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The 1st Section enjoyed their Saturday
afternoon from the first until last, they were
given the parade, twice around. the institu-
tion, lead by the officers of the Club and the
Band, No. 1 lead by Prof. Wiegandt rendered
several catchy pieces. Band No 2 lead by B-
6765 leading the 1st Block, were as usual, fine.
The dividing of the Band certainly is a great
improvement, as it has a great tendency of
helping all in line to keep in step and bring
back happy thoughts. The Band furnished
a fine program and rendered excellent music.

One of the finest games ever played on the
Garage grounds was played and proved to be a
pitchers battle for supremacy, between Charley
and Mooney. Both teams played ball, that is
seldom seen here or elsewhere. Both pitchers
deserve credit for the fine game they pitched.

Big Jack continues to strengthen up the
weak spots and has signed Hagy and Baum-
gartner to play for the Honor Club.

There were several visitors present as guests
of the Honor Club, namely: Mr. & Mrs. Dip-
ple, Mr. William P. Priest and Mr. B. W.
Farnham; all enjoyed the opportunity to be
present and have the pleasure of hearing good
music and seeing the game as it is played here-
in. We desire to thank Mr. Priest for his kind-
ness and generosity in leaving the club a type-
writer to make it easier and more business like.
Mr. Dipple is one of the Honor Club’s active
workers and ever your friend when others turn
from you. We thank him for interceding in
the club’s behalf for the typewriter. We wish
to call attention for the last time to members
of the H. F. C.; when your block or gallery is
not due out, even though you have a position
as runner or any work whereby you are out all
day, your being out does not entitle you to be
on the H. F. C. grounds. So bear this in mind
and don’t get miffed if told to leave, and to
non-members or former members, don't try to
cause any contention as you know you have no
business on the grounds at all; so don’t throw
a bluff, it will not work, stay away. Every-
thing is running smooth and the club officers
intend to see thev continue. You may fool
some of the people some of the time and most
of the people most of the time, but you can’t
fool all of the people all the time; your next,
so be wise. Second Section out this Saturday,
July 1, as follows: 3B, 4B, 5B, 5G, 7B,7G
and 9 B. Rep. Del. B 7819—B 5602.

Honor Club 4—Blocks 2

The Honor Club team was again “victorious
winning from the Block team by the score of
4—2; the game was close and interesting.

The feature of the game was the pitching of
Mooney who allowed the I C only 4 hits
and struck out 11.

Charley was touched for 7 hxts and fanned
10. Umpire 5084.

LOST—Gold fob charm of bar and chain de-
sign. Reward. Finder please returnto Over-
seer Sherman.—5th Block.
