---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_109.jpg
---
Devoted to ‘the

Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, July 5, 1916

NO. 26

SITUATION SERIOUS BUT
WILL TRY TO AVOID WAR

President Wilson Willing to Make
Every Effort to Avoid a Break With

Mexico—Business Interests Intercede

There is no mitigation in the critical relations
between the United States and Mexico,
although the chances for an immediate clash of
arms is not so imminent as they were a few
days ago.

The Mexican Government’s attitude toward
the United States, continues to be studiously
offensive in every way and positively denies
the right of U. S. troops to remain in Mexico;
hurling the most scurrilous epithets at the
American Government officials, and impugn-
ing the honor of our army officers, in their
correspondence with Washington.

Private advices from Mexico City, declare
that a break in relations is unavoidable

However offensive and objectionable the
language employed by the Carranza Govera-
ment, it is not upon words but action, that the
real crisis between this country and Mexico
now pivots. :

War with Mexico means the removal from
the United States of practically every soldier.
Even the coast defense stations have been
stripped of nearly all their garrisons for Mexi-
can service. This fact has aroused the’ heads
of a number of the leading corporations to a

realization that in the event of labor trouble,_

there would be no military forces at hand to
suppress disorder. For that reason a strong ap-
peal has been made to President Wilson to
avert war with Mexico, if possible.

There is growing evidence that President Wil-.

son will go to great lengths to prevent a general
state of war with Mexico. At no time has he
so much as hinted in his official papers at any
intention beyond the protection of the Ameri-

. can border from attack, and the capture of
Villa. His present demands on Carranza, taken
in conjunction with the unofficial statements of
the future plans of the Administration, would
seem not to be hard for the First Chief to ac-
cede to.

The scheme of the President now is stated to
be the establishment of a safety zone south of
the border, which would be patroled by Ameri-

_can troops, with entire freedom of movement,
east and west from their present positions.

A report from Seaside Heights N. J,. states
that for the first timein the memory of the
oldest coast residents, whales were seen off

shore yesterday., They were first sighted
by Captain Arthur R. Meyers, of the Berkeley
Fishing Compiny, and by the crews qf two of
the fishing boats attached to the fishing com-
pany’s grounds.

E. S. P. BAND CONCERT
ON THE CENTER

The Fourth of July was appropriately obser-

-ved at this institution by a well arranged pro-

gram of musical selections, which was rendered
by the E. S. P. band on the Center. The
bandmen seemed imbued with the spirit of the
day and did their best to fill the various corri-
dors with harmonious strains, and succeeded
to a marked degree.

Professor A. F. Wiegandt clearly evinced his
ability as a leader, by the fine work of the band
in the rendition of the various selections which
are given below:

Program
Entry March Hall
2nd Regiment M. P.
“‘America’’
1. Spirit of Independence
2. Orpheus Offenbach
Overture
3. Night of Gladness Aucliffe
. Waltz
4. Humoreske Dvorak
5. Poet & Peasant Suppe

Overture

6. Spirit of McKentyville 7621 & 5048

7. The Serenade Herbert
8. Fighting Strength Allen
_ March
~ ‘‘Star Spangled Banner’’
Exit March- W. M. B. Hall

A. F. Wiegandt, Conductor

Congressman Farr Wants
More Dreadnoughts

““If there is to be the slightest danger of
Great Britain ceasing to be mistress of the seas
it is our imperative duty to succeed in the
mastery of the ocean highways,”” said Re-
presentative John R. Farr of Scranton, mem-
ber of the House Naval Affairs Committee, and
the recognized ‘‘biggest big navy man’’ in the
House. s

“‘Dreadnoughts—more dreadnoughts—that’s
one of the great lessons in the North Sea naval
fight,”” said Mr. Farr. ‘ Another is that the
Zeppelin has proved - that it has keener sight,
longer vision and more speed than the battle
cruiser. Self preservation demands that our
navy must be the strongest in the world,
powerful enough to prevent invasion, to pro-
tect our commerce and to- enforce our policies,
particularly the Monroe Doctrine.

A late Washington report states that Car-
ranza will be allowed more time in which to
answer. the American demands, as Congress
has adjourned over the Fourth. Only an at-
tack on the U. S. troops will precipitate a fight.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games
Cubs 4—Ninth 2

The Cubs won from the Ninth by the score
of 4—2 having got the jump on the Ninth from
the start, scoring 3 runs in the first inning.

Jimmy Winters started off on the mound for
the Ninth but gave way to Spooky in the 3rd;
there was 3 hits registered against the pair, and
they walked 5 and struck out 6.

Albie pitched for for the Cubs allowing 5 hits
struck out 5 and walked 2.

The features of the game were the fielding of
Barney and the long drive of Williamsport.

Score by innings as follows:

R HE:
Eabsto el o8 1-0:1-0.0:1: 1050 -4 =628
INfnthe At W is. 0502005080528 08 U==2805 Sl

Triples, Lunky and Williamsport.
Double, Chick.
Umpires Marty and Harman.
Wednesday’s Games
Cubs—3 Printers—1

The Printers could not solve Boyd’s delivery,
and went down to defeat at the hands of the
Cub machine, by the score of 3 to 1.

Boyd was given the margin of a tally in the
first stanza, when Albie worked the squeeze to
a nicety; laying the ball down the fiist base
line, scoring Pidge.

Barney made a sensational running catch,
while Jacoby and Albie starred in the inner
garden. e

Boyd fanned 8, passed 2, and 1 hit by
pitched ball. Slats struck out 4 and passed 4, .

Score by innings as follows:

R. H. E.
(@ oo e DO O 00— 7 1
Printers el 00010000 0—1 5 1

Doubles—Blink.
Umpires—Fred and Harm »n.
Ninth 7—Shed 4

The Ninth by heavy hitting won from the
Shed by a 7—4 score; having a total of 12 hits
of the Sheds new pitcher, Williams. - :

Mac on the mound for the Ninth was touched
for 7 hits walked 2 and struck out 3.

There were several disputes during the game,
one of these arose between the two umpires
and resulted in Andy leaving the field.

Score by innings as follows:

RO
Shedim-ar 5 Sliaf it 00111100—470
_______________ 2020120 0—7120

Doubles—Charley 2; Fingers 2; Hump; Mor-
gan; Banks; Lucky; Spitz,
Home run—Davis.

Umpires—Marty and Andy.

(Continued on fourth page)
