---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_110.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentjary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
i{s desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the

writer’s registered number.
The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413; Editor.

‘Philadelphia, July 5, 1916

PriSON PoOPULATION—Males 1413. Females
24 Total 1437 Last serial number B 8302

PROGRESS IN PRISON LEGISLATION

In the state legislative year just past are to
be noted the passing of several good bills which
it is expected will soon become operative in the
interest of ‘‘the man who errs.” New York
being the foremost in prison reform legislation
for the season of 1915-16.

We are glad to learn that the way has now
been made clear for the practical abolition of
insanitary and antiquated Sing Sing prison, and
the cell block system of prison construction,
and the building of a new $2,000,000 prison
along modern lines; remodeling Sing " Sing for
use merely as a receiving and distributing cen-
tre. The New York Legislature also adopted
a plan under which long-term prisoners by
faithful performance of their work and good
behavior may earn a commutation amounting
to one-third of their minimum sentence, which
is perhaps the most encouraging step of all re-
cent enactments. Virginia took its first step
toward abolishing convict labor, by repealing
an act which permitted contracts to be made
for the employment of prisoners.

New Jersey has also become one of the pro-
gressive states in prison betterment and has re-
vised a pumber of antiquated penal laws and
enacted a new measure which calls for the de-
struction of records of conviction of juvenile
offenders after a certain time. This may be
extended in time, so as to include all first of-
fenders who shall have proven to have lived a
good, moral,upright life for a period of ten years
after release, says a prominent legislator.

LOOKING BE¥OND

There can be no doubt that happy prospects
in life depend more upon the way people look
than upon what they have to look at.

If we think continuously of the discouraging
things before us, that is what we will see.
While if we keep our thoughts firmly fixed on
clear purposes and hopes of things for our up-
lift and good, we will surely see many excellent
possibilities open before us. Possibly things
may now seem shut iu by the darkness of what

may appear to be closing about us; but let not
that daunt the spirit,—there are rays. of light
which will surely penetrate the seeming gloom,
if we will persevere in our efforts to attain the
best results. _

By always keeping serenely on our way and
resolutely looking upon that which is beyond,
we will surely see a bright luminous horizon,
and in cime shall surely find that we are con-
stantly facing a future of the highest possibilities.

QUALITIES THAT WIN

Some time ago a dozen or more salesmen
were waiting in the outer office of a large New
York wholesale grocery firm, to hand in their
monthly reports. Their average age would pro-
bably be about thirty-five. Watching the dif-
fernt expressions play over their faces, I was
asked by the best sales-manager to guess which
might be the salesman. The man I picked out
appeared to be a quite fellow, of pleasing ad-
dress and friendly manner, and the manager
said that I had guessed right. “He makes
more sales than any three men we have, and I
don’t believe he spends much to get the busi-
ness. Heis clear-cut and direct in his stat-
ments, never misrepresents anything, doesn't
drink, and has a record that any man might
be proud of. That is the kind of men we
like to have—that big business houses want.’’

Many have given the temperance question
the laugh, but it is surely and slowly winning
its way to victory. Theorlze as you may, you
cannot discuss a fact by pure theory alone and
have it stick. People will fail to recognize the
man who drinks and is inclined to be a sport.
Perhaps it may take the quiet fellow a little
longer to work out a good showing, for the un-
assuming do not receive as much attention at
first, as the blusterer; but let the man with
business in his thoughts once establish the con-
fidence of his employer, and his advance in
gaining friends and business is assured.

AN EXCELLENT EXAMPLE

It is a pleasure to note that Switzerland,
which has furnished suggestions for many ex-
cellent politicaland governmentalreforms, hasa
good method of handling the liquor problem.
The government has a monopolv of the alcohol
businessand all profitsare turned overto the can-
tons, or states, which must use a certain por-
tion of them in combating alcoholism and
stamping it out. In that way the liquor evil is
made to regulate and exterminate itself. Qur
system, whereby the tax on liquors goes into
the general fund and thus tempts congress to
extravagance, is a vicious one. It makes the
government a partner in the evil, and keeps it
interested in the perpetuation of the traffic,
whereas it ought on the contrary to be aiming
for the abolition of it, if it is devoted to the
welfare of the people which it very properly
should.

“‘A man should never be ashamed to own he
is in the wrong, which is but sayving that he is
wiser today than he was yesterday.’’

e e e e e e
RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel on
the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

THE FLAG!
By Arthur Macy

Here comes The Flag—Hail it!
Who dares to drag or trait it?!
Give it hurrahs,—three for the stars,—
three for the bars, :
Uncover your head to it; the soldiers
who tread it,
Shouted at the sight of it, the justice and
might of it
The unsullied white of it, the blue and
red of it,
And tyrany’s dread of it!

Here comes The Flag—Hail it!
Valley and crag shall cheer it!
Mothers shall bless it; children
caress it!
All shall maintain it, no one shall stain it.
Cheers for the sailors that fought on the
wave for it,
Cheers for the soldiers who always were
brave for it,
Tears for the men who went down to the
grave for it.
Here comes The Flag. !

shall

SPARKS

It is worse to feel poor than to be poor.

The whole world is longing to do a kindne:s
but is rendered callous by traditions that s1alk
in the guise of culture, creed cr ‘‘real’”’ charity.

Create an atmosphere in which others can
do their best and your own burdens will be
lightened. '

Charities should cater to the uplift of their
clients ratherthan to their contributors' whims.

Economy is a virtue or a vice according to
what you save on.

A horse of another color can do team work,
You can be and think differently from others
and yet work in with every one who is pulling
in the directicn of the common weal.

Where you find temper do not look for truth;
where you find indignation, righteousness is
nigh.

The people who have next to nothing to do
spread next to nothing out so thin it covers all
their time. =
