---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_111.jpg
---
“and warmth,

INTERESTING INFORMATION

Albert Geromine: a Swiss, is now believed to
hold the world's record for ski-jumping, having
made a jump of 167.32 feet recently.

S

It is said that an iron ship weighs 27 per
cent less than a wooden one of the same di-
mensions, and when loaded to the same depth
will carry 15 per cent more cargo than the
wooden vessel.

S

Miss Mary Minter, of New York, recently
purchased a 124-horsepower war aeroplane
which the expects to use in carrying dispatches
should this country become involved in war.
She says she will also use it to fight the enemy
should they come too close.

&

Chester Davenport, of Sioux City, Ia.,re-
cently underwent a dual operation in which a
portion of one of his ribs was removed and sub-
stituted for the nasal arch, which was broken
some thee years before. Both wounds are
healing satisfactorily, it is said.

H

What is believed to be the longest interuban
electric railway line in the United States with-
out change of cars has recently been completed
between Zanesville, O., and Induianapolis, Ind.
The distance is 250 miles and the running time
a little less than nine hours.

o

Reports from Panama say that a bitter anti-
American feeling is in evidence in all the re-
publics of Central America, on account of the
present Mexican situation. The natives are
said to be discussing a combined offensive
against the United States in case it intervenes
in Mexico.

S

An amendment to the Porto Rican citizen-
ship bill, giving the right of franchise to women
of the island, was stricken out when the meas-
ure was voted on by the house recently. The
bill, itself, makes the people of Porto Rico,
citizens of the United States; it passed by a
large majority.

5

The Academy of Medicine in Paris has speci-
fically warned soldiers in the French army
against the use of alcohol, pointing out that
the common beliefs that alcohol givesstrength,
stimulates the appetite and aids
digestion are erroneous and that alcohol is
really much more harmful than users them-
selves can appreciate.

&

There areover 250,000 miles of steam rail-
roads in the United States, employing a total
of about 1,750,000 men. According to a re-
cent statement of William Sproule, president
of the Southern Pacific road, about 600,060
shareholders own these railroads. These
people, he says, if lined up along the routes,
would stand about 700 yards apart.

THE UMPIRE

DO YOU KNOW THAT—?

Philadelphia was our first capitol.
In Philadelphia was melted the first pig iron.

Our Federal Constitution was written in the
State House.

Our Nation actually began at Indepandence
Hall, in this town.

The Stars and Stirpes came into existence at
the Betsy Ross’ house on Arch street.

The first screw propeller attached to any
warship, was made and fitted in this city.

The Bank of North America was the first
bank established on this continent.

It is said that the first bridge in this country
was built across the Schuykill at Philadelphia.

One of the professors of the University of
Pennsylvania, made the first moving picthures
at that institution.

Philadelphias beautiful new Art Gallery is
now building upon America’s first city water
works site.

Thomas Fitch navigated a steam vessel in
the waters about Philadelphia before Robert
Fulton ran his steamer up the Hudson.

IF THIS BE ALL

If this be all, and when we die, we die,
Then life is but a wanton, monstrous lie;
And of the hapless creatures that draw
breath,
We, who seem flower and crown,
far below

rank

The least of living things that does not
know,
The dread of loss, the certainty of death.

If pain and sorrow are without a scheme,

Dealt out by chance, then like an evil
dream

Of some dark fiend, this smiling gracious
earth;

If we that hunger, neves shall be filled,
The sooner that our empty hearts are
stilled,
The better for them and their aching
dearth.

Yet clo:e, I feel, there wraps us all around,
Some mighty force, some mystery pro-

found,
And though my debts and ignorance I
trust,
The po. er that bound with laws the moon
and tide.

And hug the utars in heavenly spaces wide,
Must by their witness, be both wise and

just.
—North American Review.

BORROWED MIRTH

““How do you like your new home?"’ a friend
asked a man who had recently moved into the
villiage.

““Pretty well.’

““Have you called on your neighbors yet?”’

“No,” the newcomer admitted, ‘‘I haven’t.
But I'm going to if any more of my wood is
missing.’’

S

A well-known brewer and his friend were din-
ing recently in a grillroom. Suddenly a very
dapper-looking man, with a suspiciously red
nose, brushed by their table. 7

“A very prominent member of the Earl
Closing Society,’” announced the brewer.

The friend showed a very keen interest.

““What is his official capacity?’’ he asked.

‘““About three gallons, I think,” said the
brewer.

S

““Usfellers at Crimsom Gulch decided,’’ re-
marked Broncho Bob, ‘‘as how we’re fur peace.
The general sentiment was that we’d be more
peaceful if we’d disarm.”’

‘““But you are carrying a gun.’’

‘“Yes. Everybody is waiting’ fur everybody
else to disarm first. I’m kind o’ afraid this re-
luctance an’ suspicion is goin’ to start some
hard feelin's.”’

&

A New York lawyer tells of a man wha had
been convicted of stealing by a certain “Down
-East Judge, well known for his tender-heart-
edness. :

‘“‘Have you ever been sentenced to imprison-
ment?’’ asked the Judge, not unkindly.

‘“‘Never!”’ exclaimed the prisoner, suddenly
bursting into tears.

“Well, well, don’t cry, my man,’”’ said His
Honor, consolingly, ‘‘you’re going to be now.”’

&

She was a very recent bride and endeavor-
ing to keep house in the approved hygienic
manner. Entering a strange bakery one day,
she saw a huge cat put his paws on the low
show window and vault lightly among the
cakes ‘‘Oh, look!”’ she exclaimed to the stout
lady in charge. ‘‘Your cat!”’

“Dat is all’ right,”” soothingly replied the
wide lady, with a wider smile ‘‘Datis Henry.
He will not eat anything—he chust schniffs

’ X

€In
&

A politician who was seeking the votes of a
certain community in Ohio to the end that he
might be sent to Congress thought it worth
while to make mention of his humble origin
and early struggles.

“I got a start in life by serving in a grocery
store at $3 a week, and yet I have managed
to save, ' he announced.

Whereupon a voice from the audience queri-
ed: :

‘““Was that before the invention of cash reg-
isters?”’
