---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_112.jpg
---
4

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE

W. L. Pct. W. L. Pct.
Printers 24 11 686 Cubs 19 16 571
Ninth 23 12 657 Shed 4 31 114

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. ‘L. Pect. WSS Pet
Brooklyn 36 25 590 Pittsburg 30 32 484
Phila. 34 28 548 Chicago 32 35 478
Boston 32 27 542 Cinn. 29 37 439
New York 30 30" 500 St.Louis 30 39 435

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pct. Wl Lo Pct:
New York 38 26 594 Boston 34 31523
Clev’land 38 28 576 Detroit 34 34 500
Chicago 35 29 547 St. Louis 29 38 433
Wash'ton 35 30 538 Athletics 17 44 279

(Continued from st page)
Friday’s Games

The Ninth took a commanding lead in the
first inning; when a combination of base hits
gave them & runs enabling them to defeat the
Shed team 6—0.

Winters for the Ninth, was in fine form,
allowing but 1 hit, -while he fanned 3, and
passed 2.

Banks was found for 9 hits, while he struck
out 3, passed 2, and 1 hit by pitched ball.

Manager Charlie, led his team at the bat.

Score by innings as follows:

R H E.
ENIthe =2 s 0 320100006 9 O
Shedses" =, 8 00000000—0 1 O

Two base hits—Blink; Pidge.
Umpires—Fred and Collins.

Printers 6—Cubs 1

By playing a superior quality of baseball, the
Printers had little difficulty in defeating the
Cubs by the score of 6 to 1.

Jacoby on the mound for the Printers -had
the game in hand at all times and allowed only
3 hits, struck out 9 and walked 1.

Albie for the Cubs was hit hard, there being
14 hits registered against him, and 3 strike outs
to his credit,

Bobby starred the game with a triple against
his former team-mates.

Score by innings as follows:

R. H. E.
Rrinters ot L 10008020—6 14 0O
EhSEsen®. o 10000000—1 3 0

Triple—Bobby. :

Doubles—Jacoby, Slats, Stump, Barney and
Walter.

Umpires—Marty and Jean.

Saturday’s Games

H. F. C.—4—Blocks—2.

The Honor Club won from the Block team
by the score of 4 to 2.

The Block team scoring their 2 runs in the
last inning of play. Mac. on the mound for
the H. F. C. pitched a good game allowing 7
hits and struck out 9.

THE UMPIRE

Moony for the Blocks allowed 8 hits, and
struck out 6 and walked 3.
Umpire—Jacoby.

Cooks 4—Bakers 2

Some timely hitting by the Cooks, coupled
with first class pitching by ‘‘Big Doc.,’’ enabled
them to defeat the Bakers 11 to 6.

The pitching for the Bakers was very weak,
while Doc. again distinguished himself fanning
12 men.

The batting of Lucky and Dick featured the
game.

Umpire—Jordon.

Batting Averages of Players Batting .300 and
Over, Including Games of June 30.

No. Name Atbe s HitsEmPe e
B 7664 Jacoby 104 43 413
B 6353 Jore 81 31 .383
B 7685 Hagy 112 42 Y7
B7471 Chick 118 43 .364 °
B 7826 Banks 66 22 S353
B 6654 Charley 112 515 .324
B 7846 Taylor 108 35 319
B 747¢ Barney 78 24 .308
B 6507 Slats 104 32 .308

B 6286 Secretary
Diamond Dust

Chick of the Ninth is regaining his batting
eye. =’

Jacoby of the Printers is pitching great ball
this season.

Jordan and Hagy are falling off in batting of
late.

The Printers strengthened their team consid-
erably by getting Bobby and Cope.

The race in the American and National
Leagues, are growing more exciting ev: ry day,
as the teams are changing plazes daily.

Perhaps having seen the Athletics in action
had something to do with the ad men selecting
St. Louis as their next place of meeting.

General Price’s request for 200 additional re-
cruits should have been addressed to Connie
Mack instead of Mayor Smith, as recruits are
as common at Shibe Park as bases on balls.

One man in baseball history placed himself

-in the hall of fame by delivering just one ball—

calling for probably only a few seconds’ actual
participation in the game. He was manager
Childs, of the Portsmouth, Ohio, team. In a
game with Marion June 20, 1910, Childs went
into the box and pitched one ball.
into a triple play, and Childs got credit, of
course, for pitching an entire inning with one
heave, the only time it has ever been-accomp-
lished.

o LOST—Canary bird, June 29th. Reward if

returned to B 7358, 11 B.

It resulted °

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The 2nd Section had the pleasure of another
half holiday aud a parade. Led by the color
bearers ane club officers, followed the band
No. 2 led by B 6765 and heading the Section
came the 7 B. with the other Blocks, following
Prof. Wiegandt and Band No. 1 were in the
Centre of the parade and furnished the music.
The music furnished by both bands is deserv-
ing of great credit and is appreciated that goes
without saying. After breaking ranks the boys
then sought places of advantage to see the game
and hear the Orchestra on the lawn. One of
the best programs, thus far, was rendered by
the orchestia, by our able leader, Prof. Wie-

gandt and enjoyed by Our Worthy Chaplain

Joesph Welsh, Mrs. Ruben C. McKenty and
friends and the members of The Choo, Choo,
stunt, by Peg, the Auctioneer by Whitey and
several vocal selections were added attrace
tion, enjoyed by all.. :

Now that the summer days are here and
their inducements are many as well as splendid
why not enjoy them. The good blessed Sun-
hine, the sweet breathing of fresh air and the
recreation of the out-of-door cxercise, which
keeps every man, woman and child in the best
of health. The exercise you receive by march-
ing twice, around the grounds are healthful
and invigorating. Health is wealth and being
able to eat a piece of bread and enjoy it, its
far better than the service of a doctor. Now
get the spirit move lively, and when youwmarch
on Saturday, step lively and try and keep in
step with the music. Let the world know you
can step and walk, don’t fear a manly bearing,
it is a credit to yourself, no matter where you
are. You have the best possible advantage at
the present time, plenty of fine music and all
can hear it, so bracc up and keep in step.” Get

‘a Soldier step and bearing and you will become

more proficient day by day. The great privi-
Ige of being out two Saturday afternoons toa
section, can be used to a great advantage by all.

The more perfect you are jphysically, the
quarter will be your mental efficiency, to say
nothing of your health, which isafter all, the
most important of all. The greatest creation
is man and the greatest in man is his mind.
Why not make use of your mind to its best

advantage in securing and absorbing knowledge
that will some time or other be a benefit and
a cred.t to yourself. A man's body is not only
his house to dwellin, it is his tool and should
be his servant, may be his friend, but, oft
times is his worst enemy; ease your muscles,
and straighten up and you can assume an atti-
tude that will become a habit. This will in-
crease you self respect and also your confidence.
Try it ‘and see, it does notcost a cent, and
only requires a small effort on you part. The
world will seek vour services but not if vou
intend to slink and stumble along. Put the
threads of you broken life together and start
again and make a clean start. Avoid tempta-
tion as you would a snake in the grass; as it
will mean your dropping again and loosing all
yvou have tried to gain. This Sat. July-8th the
1 Sect. will be out as follow. 1 B—6 B— 6 G—
8 B—1¢0 B—11 B—12 B—12 B-1 G— 2rd—3rd
G.—Don't smoke in line, leaving Block or pa-
rading.—Rep. Del.—B 7819—B 5602
