---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_113.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, July 12, 1916

NO. 27

PRESIDENT MAKES CONCES-
SIONS TO CARRANZA

Government Officials Await Curranza’s
Action—Villa Said to be Alive, Threat-
ing General Pershing’s Troops—

Mex1cans Delighted at Wllson s Back

Down

A late Washington dispatch state that Pres-
ident Wilson and Secretary Lansing are again
marking time in the Mexican situation, await-
ing a response to the American note accepting
the Carranza offer for direct negotiations in an
effort to adjust the controversy. No diplo-
‘matic step will be taken until the Carranza
Government’s reply has been received.
Whether any new military step will be taken

-depends on developments along the border and
is purely a military matter for the consideration
of the army authorities.

State Department officials believe more can
be accomplished through informal conference
between Eliseo Arredondo, Mexican Ambas-
sador-designate, and Frank L. Polk, acting Se-

cretary of State, than by a more formal inter-

change of views. They are willing to accede,
however, to. some other plan should the de
facto Government propose it.

The definition of the boarder dispute sub-
mitted by General Carranza in his note sug-
gesting negotiations for a settlement has been
found acceptable by the Washington Govern-
ment. This virtually narrows the immediate
object of the negotitations to consideration of
the ‘‘reasonable’” anxiety.of the United States
for the security of its frontier, on the one hand
and the demand of the de facto Government
for early withdrawal of American troops from
Mexico, on the other. .

Generals Funston and Pershing have been

made fully aware of the constant danger of

another bandit attack being attempted along
the border, and that the Villa force which de-
feated a Carranza column at Corralitos several
~ days ago is reported to be heading northeast-
ward over the Chihuahua desert toward Ojin-
a'g‘é”or Bouq’uillas
From a dozen creditable sources since M(mday
information has been received indicatirg that
Villa was operating in the valley of the Rio
Florida, which swings from the southwest south
and east of Parral.

The note of Secretary Lansing, accepting
the proposals of General Carranza to resort to
diplomacy for the settlement of the differences
between Mexico and the United States, was re-
ceived with jubilation in Mexico City.

A EA I T

Extreme heat causes several deaths in city.

GERMAN U-BOAT ARRIVES IN PORT

The Deutschland, the world’s first sub-
marine, arrived at Baltimore on Sunday last.
She is a vessel 315 feet long and 30 feet wide,
and carries a compliment of 29 men anda
commander.

It took the submarine 16 days to cross the
Altantic with her cargo of 1000 tons of dyes-
tuffs and chemicals, and it is said that the
officer in command bears a message from
Emperor William to President Wilson." *

The submarine was chased for 30 hours by
the Allies warships and succeeded in eluding
them by going some 800 miles out of her
course.

The Deutschland started from Bremerhaven
and is an entirely new commercial - carrier

-owened by a company in Bremen.

CATHOLIC SERVICES AT
THE E. S. P. CHAPEL

The Chatholic services at the Chapel of this
institution was well attended by the inmates
on Sunday last, in spite of the high tempera-
ture. All were pleased at the return of the
Rev.Father Michael A. O’Kane, S. J. who has
been absent for several weeks, engaged in
special mission work.

During the service, Mr. George Diedricht,
who has a clear baritone voice of good range
and resonance, sang Harvey’s ‘‘Ave-Maria,’
and “O Salutarius’’ by Lejeal. He was well
supported by the choir and orchestra.

The sermon was based upon the 5 Chapter
of St. Luke; the theme being ‘‘Sorrow Turned
Into Joy.’’ In concluding, Father O’Kane very
aptly expressed his regrets at being oblige to
leave his charge for other duties, and his joy
of again being with them.

Osborne Again Made Warden
Of Sing Sing Prison
, George

= On Friday last W. Kirchwey
tendered his resignation as warden of Sing
Sing Prison to James M. Carter, State Sup-
erintendent of Prisons.

Mr. Carter immediately reappointed Thom-
as M. Osborne to fill' the position; thus com-
pleting Mr. Osbornes victory over his enemies,
who tried in every way to dislodge him from
public' esteem. ‘‘And there was much joy in
Sing Sing over one warden that returneth.”

It is reported that relics 4,000 years old are
discovered in a museum of ancient Memphis
by the Coxe expedition.

NOTICE

During the months of July and August Mrs.

Simonin and Miss. Meyer will be on vacation.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK .

Tuesday’s Games
Bakers 11—Cooks 7

The Bakers defeated the Cooks in a game
that abounded in hard hitting by beth sides;
the final score was 1{—7.

Blackie and Banks allowed 10 hits, struck out
7, & passed 5. Jim allowed 8 hits and fanned 8.

All Stars—12—Black -Demons 4

The Black Demons fell easy victims before
the terrible onslaught of the All Stars, who
got a total of 19 hits off the delivery of Slim,
who walked 1 and struck out 10, -

Hagy, for the All Stars, had 11 strike outs
walked 1 and allowed 10 hits.

Score by innings follows:

R SH oS
BDae 2808 03280000828 OF! 10 0
ARES B2 95 (- (RO E2RIE (s R 19 0

Home runs—Spits

Triple—Lucky; Taylor; Morgan

Doubles, Charley; Hagy; Morgan; Chick 2;
Williamsport; Baum; Barney. :

Umpires—Fred and Marty.

Wednesday’s Games

Printers—2 Shed—2

The Printers and Shed battled 8 innings,
and the game ended in a tie with 2 runsapiece.

There was sure some good ball-playing on
both sides, but poor decisions of the umpire
took out much interest in the game.

Silly, on the mound for the Shed was wild at
times, passing 5 men, generally tightened up
in pinches, and held the Printers to 2 hits and
fanned 11.

Hagy allowed 4 hits, struc k out 10 and walk-
ed I

Score by innings as follows:

Shed e vcs o= = 20 0F RO TR

Prilfersas st st OR 1501020
Triple—Evans.
Doubles—Bobby and Banks.
Umpires—Red and Jean.

Cubs 1—Ninth 1

The Cub-Ninth game resulted in a tie score.
1—1. The game was marked by fine pitching
by Charlie and Albie, and spectacular fielding.

The Cubs scored when Jordon hit the balj
for the circuit in the 2nd frame.

Fingers scored on Charlie’s two-bagger in
the 7th, tying the score.

Albie allowed 2 hits, fanned 11 and passed
none.

Charlie gave 4 hits, struck out

o o P
wun_I

E
0
2

(=) (=)
S o

7,and walked 2
(Continued on fourth page)
