---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_114.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Deveted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
{s desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page. -

B 7413; Editor.

Philadelphia, July 12, 1916
%

PRISON POPULATION—Males 1406. Females
24. Total 1430 Last serial number B 8307

%

PUBLIC DEFENDER A SUCCESS

The office of Public Defender which was es-
tablished about two years ago in a western
city, seems to have proven a success, says a
writer in a recent publication. Commending
the work of this newly created office the corres-
pondent goes on to say that conditions have
been worked out to a better advantage than
was expected; that the Public Defender and
the District Attorney are now working in per-
fect co-operation. The principal objection ad-
vanced to a Public Defender was that the dis-
trict attorney and the defending attorney of
the state would,to a degree come in conflict, in
carrying out the duties of their respective off-
ices. This seems not to be the case however,
as proven by the words of a State official who
says that they ‘‘have been able to do what the
district attorney has repeatedly tried to do in
many cases, but what, owing to certain condi-
tions which could not be overcome, he was un-
able to do.”’

“To facilitate matters we always advise the
defendant to be frank and truthful in their
statements to us, that we may be the better
able to advise the accused asto their advantage
and rights. In informing them of the law re-
lating to the crime of which they are charged,
we hear their side of the story and endeavor to
bring out such points as may be favorable to
the defendants, but in no sense do we try to
stay the proper administration of justice.”’

As understood, the clients seeking aid from
the Public Defender, are such as are unable to
pay for the services of an attorney in the de-
fense of their case, and instead of giving up
hope of obtaining justice, or making a plea of
guilty as the best way out of a bad predicament
the poor may now feel that their interests will
be fully protected in conformity to the law.

In certain cases, a plea of guilty is advised,
asthe better course to pursue and the safest way
to obtain due consideration of the trjal judge,
and in nearly every case where thijs has been
done the defendant has received a lighter sen-
tence than he—or she—would have received

THE UMPIRE

had they attempted a defense.

By being present in court, ready to assist in
the Court’s affairs, and in endeavoring to se-
cure the dismissal of certain cases through con-
ference with the prosecuting attorney, the Pub-
lic Defender has enabled the commonwealth to
save both time and money.

This is a matter that should merit the atten-
tion of both the taxpayer and legislators, and
we hope in the near future to hear of other fav-
orable reports where the Public Defender has
made a complete and satisfactory success of
his office.

DO SOMETHING TO ATTAIN RESULTS

Most of us have an object or ideal to attain
in life, but for some reason it may seem doubt-
ful of accomplishment. In many cases this
doubt is engendered by a lack of determination
to fit ourselves for the realization of that
which is desired.

Ideals will take form if you put your will,
faith, and powers of self-expression behind it,
and as a promientn educator says, that “inde-
finite absorption without production is fatal
both to character and to the highest intel-
lectual developement. Do something and be
able to do it well; express what you know in
some healthful and substancial form; produce
and do not everlastingly feel, only, and revel
in feeling.”’

In case that is your difficulty, you think and
feel, but do not produce enough. Self-expres-
sion, initiative, will help in the realization of
most of your ideals. No matter how small or
contracted your present opportunities may
seem, make the most of them, and do not al-
low an opportunity to pass, no matter how
small it may be, for advancing a little toward
the realization of your desires. Remembering
the while that it is not so much ““‘what we
may do, as the way we do it,”’ that paves the
way to final success.

PHYSICAL EXERCISE BENEFICIAL

Itisa source of much gratification to note
the growing interst that is being manifested
in the ““man behind the bars,’’ by the Y. M. C.
A. members. From various sections of the coun-
try as well as in Philadelphia, the uplift move-
ment has taken a new impetus. Among latest
reports we learn that a group of some thirty
prisoners at Sing Sing are being trained 037 &)
director from the physical department of the
West Side Y. M. C. A. of New York, to act
as teachers of exercise to their fellow inmates.
Much benefit is expected to develope from this
work, for it isa well known fact that where
men have sufficient physicial exercise of a
proper kind, they are less likely to become
morose, sullen, or melancholy then if they are
required to sit in idleness for long periods in
their cells.

As one of the prisoners remarked,
fellow snap and encouragement.”’

““it gives a

It is vanity to desire to live long, and not
to care to live well.

\_—\

RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M,
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel on
the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

HAVE THE RIGHT SPIRIT

Let all who can, start right by getting up
right in the morning, and the same at night,
by going to bed with right thoughts in mind.
Be able to start with a feeling of joy in your
heart, of hope in the future, of good intent to-
ward others.

If the day be dark and dreary, forget it; you
can lighten it up with a little cheerful thought.

If the day is bright and full of sunshine, you
can add to it by giving a word of comfort, a
pleasent greeting, or a friendly handshake to
some on.e who is feeling downcast.

If you have enemies—and most of us have—
and they speak ill of you, pass it by and try to
forget and forgive them.

How nice it would be if all of us would try
to bear in mind that real happiness is from
within and not from without. If we did S0,
there would be a source of much joy and com-
fort in every heart, and the sun wou'd always
shine even though the day was dark and
dreary.—B 7401.

"THE BAR

Written by a prisoner serving life sentence in
a western penitentiary.
The Saloon is sometimes called A Bar,

A Bar to heaven, a door to hell;

Whosoever named it, named it well.

A Bar to manliness and wealth;

A door to want and broken health.

A Bar to honor, pride and fame;

A door to grief and sin and shame.

A Bar to hope, a Bar to prayer,

A door to darkness and dispair.

A Bar to honored, useful life;

A door to brawling senseless strife

A Bar to all that's true and brave,

A door to everv drunkard’s grave, °

A Bar to joys that home imparts, ‘

A door to tears and aching hearts;

A Bar to heaven, a door to hell, . &

Whosoever named it, named it well.

Sl e T e L
You can keep impure thoughts out of your

mind by thinking of that which is pure You
can keep vourself out of your minsd by think-
ing of other people. The mind is beneath your
own control if you will choose to assert that
control early. Not at once, indeed, but yet by
slow training, that control is possible.
