---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_115.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

%

INTERESTING INFORMATION

It is reported that a red-hot meteor which
fell near York, Pa., a few nights ago singed
trees and shrubbery on lawns in nearby section
of the city.

S

A patent has recently been granted for a
fuisable insulating and filling material for elect-
rical purposes, which is to be sold in powdered
- form. Itis said to consist mainly of gypsum
and rosin.

S

As a demonstration of their efficiency, acorps
of U. S. army engineers recently constructed
a pontoon bridge, consisting of seven 20 ft.
bays, across a river near Ft. Leavenworth, in
fourteen and one half minutes.

&

A bill has been passed by the senate pro-
hibiting the sale of intoxicating liquors in any
national park or forest reserve. It is designed
to include hotels and camps, which have hith-
erto had the privilege of selling liquors to
guests, though no saloons were permitted.

&

One of the greatest preparedness demornstra-
tions ever held in the country was witnessed a
few days ago in Chicago, Ill., where over 130,
000 personstook part in a parade which con-
tinued for more than 11 hours. About one_
sixth of the marchers were women.

8

The Oklahoma, the latest oil burning super-
dreadnought added to the U. S. navy, was re-
cently launched at the Philadelphia navy yard.
The vessel carries 10 14-inch gunss, has a dis-
placement of about 27,500 tons and develops
a speed of more than 20 knotsan hour. It cost
about $7,000,000.

S

What is thought to be the longest distance
wireless message yet received was reported by
the steamship Ventura, recently arrived at
Sidney, New South Wales. While en route
from San Francisco, Calif., a message was
picked up from Tuckerton, N. ]J., officials say,
at a point 9,000 miles away.

S

A new type of gun, muzzle loading but firing
automatically, is being commonly used by the
British fighting in the trenches in France. A
cartridge in the base of the shell explodes

“ when the shell is dropped into the gun, and sets
off the charge. By means of an ingenious
loading and ejecting device the gun can be fired
with great rapidity.

&

Chief Iron Tail, an aged Indian who for
many yéars traveled with wild-west shows,
died recently near. Fort Wayne, Ind. So stri-
kingly characteristic of the Indian race were
this man’s features that officials in Washington
persuaded him one time to pose fora drawing
from which the design used in coining buffalo
nickels was prepared.

“A PACK OF CARDS”

One night as I sat by my fireside so weary,
And dreaming of friends who were far, far
away,
Though memory brought me some thoughts
sad and dreary, :
Yet others came too, that were cheerful and
- gay,;
When, all of a sudden I found my eyes resting
On something that brought many scenes to
my mind:
“Twas an old pack of cards, and some tales
interesting
I thought that I might in their history find.

The first scene that I saw that night, I
thought was quite a pleasant sight;
A grand old room ablaze with light, I whis-
pered, “ Kind regards,”’

Whilst round the board sat young and old,
they played for love and not for gold,
Whilst joy and sorrow all untold was in that

pack of cards.

The next scene I saw filled
great pity ;
It was a young man, and his parents [ knew;
"Twas their vnly son, whom they'd sent to
the city,
To study and grew up a gentleman true.
His weekly allowance they thought would
suffice him,
To live on the best and for study to pay;
They knew not that evil companions enticed
him
Away from his studies at poker to play.

my heart with

Il saw him as he left his seat; he never
thought his pals would cheat;
Each time he played he met defeat and still
he called them pards.
But there will come a reckoning day and he
will through this foulish play
Bring sorrow in the old folks
through that pack of cards.

way, all

The last scene of all I' beheld with much
sorrow,
For there was a scene of the gambler's black
fate;
No thought had they
to-morrow,
Though then they’d repent, but to find it too
late;
The bright gold was stacked by the side of
each player,
The miser’s black creed was in every man’s
heart,
As quickly the bets passed twixt backer and
player,
And ruin was king in the devil’s slave mart.
“I’ll stake a hundred on the game.’”’” “I'll
go you, sir,”” “I’ll do the same,”’
Who cares for misery and shame, aseach his
treasure guards.
““You lie! I saw you turn that ace’
ing blow right in the face,
A pistol shot and death’s disgrace, was in
that pack of cards.

’—a smash-

Printed by special request

got of the waking

BORROWED MIRTH

“Is woman really the weaker vessel?’”’
“I dunno. You encounter one of the dread-
nought type now and then.”’

2

““Could you lend me a dollar, old man?’’
“Certainly! I could do lots of things I have
no intention of doing. Nice day, isn’t it?’’

g

Old Gentleman—What, to your mind, is the
most objectionable feature of prison life, my
friend?

Prisoner— Visitors.
5
Mrs. Peck—Did you notice what Mrs. Mul-
tirox wore at the reception?
Mr. Peck—Oh, it wasn’t very much.
Mrs. Peck—Henry!
S5
‘““What time did you get home last night,
John?”’
“‘Quarter of 12, wifey.”’
“‘But I heard the clock strike three.”’
‘““Well, ain’t that quarter of 127"

5
Caller (complacently)—Ah, Bobby, I am
glad to see my photograph in your sister’s
frame on the mantel!
Bobby—Well, she h>d to rush some to get
it in over Tom's before you came.

25
Recruit (on guard)—Advance and give the
countersign.
Messenger—I've forgotten it.
Recruit (impatiently)—Well, say “‘Lincoln’’
and pass on. I'm not goin’ to wait all day fer
yez t’ think av ut.

&

“Your honor,”’ said the foreman of the jury,
“‘this lady is suing this gent for $5,000 for a
stolen kiss.”’

““Correct,’' r sponded the judge.
to decide if it was worth it.”’

‘““That’s the point. Could the jury have a
sample?’’

“You are

&

Two soldiers were conversing.
the other what made him enlist.

““Why I had no wife and children—no one
but myself to think of; and, besides, I likes war.
But how come you to join the army?"”’

“Well you see, I had a wife, and I joined the
the army because I likes peace.

o

Little Nellie told little Anita what she term-
ed a ‘little fib.”

Anita—A fib is the same as a story, and a
story is the same as a lie.

Nellie—No, it's not.

Anita—Yes it is, because my father said so
and my father is a professor at the university.

Nellie—I don’t care if heis. My father is a
real estate man, and he knows more about
lying than your father.

One asked
