---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_116.jpg
---
e

4

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE

WessLisvPct. Wa loaeePet:
Printers 26 13 667 | Cubs 220 17 5 564
Ninth 250 14 641 | Shed 5 34 128

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

Wil e Pct We tI= 2 Pct]
Brooklyn = 42 27 609 New York 32 35 478
Phila. 38 30 559 | Pittsburg 33 27 471
Boston 36 29 554 | St.Louis 34 42 447
Chicago 36 39 480 Cinn. 31 43 419

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

Wi SE; . W VLS Pet:
New York 48 26 597 Wash'ton 38 34 528
Clev’land 42 31 575 Detroit 38 36 514
Chicago 40 32 556 St.Louis 31 42 425
Boston 39 34 534 Athletics 17 50 254

(Continued from st page)

Taylor’s fielding easily featured.
Score by innings as follows:

R -H O E.
Nothe ™ o2 0000001 061 20
Qo otes oo - o 01000000—1 4 O

Home run—]Jordan.
Doubles—Charlie, Beck and Fingers.
Umpires—Marty and Happy.

Thursday’s Games
Ninth 2—Cubs 1

The ultimate result of the tie game between
the Ninth and Cubs, was 2—1 in favor of the
Ninth.

With the score tied in the 7th inning, Chick
sacrificed and Lucky crossed the plate with the
winning run.

It was a hard fought game from begining to
end.

Charlie pitched for the winners, fanning 6,
and walking three.

‘Boyd struck out 5,and refused a free pass
Lucky, Chick and Pettrilli led the Ninth at-
tack.

Score by innings as follows:

R.
@ahseetaling o 000100000 -1
Nanth ot - . 0-1.00000 1 0-—2
Double, Chick, Pertrilli, Lucky.
Umpires Fred and Happy.

LR,
5 0
4SS0

Printers—6 Shed —7

The Shed pulled off the unexpected and won
from the Printers by the score of 7 to 6.

Wild throwing around the bases played a
prominent part in the Printer’s downfall; but
the Shed was deserving of winning, having
put up a good game in the field.

Bobby started out on the mound for the
Printers, but was replaced in the 5th i inning by
Slats; together they allowed 6 hits struck-out 9
and walked 4.

Billy and Banks allowed 9 hits, struck-cut 6
and walked 4.

Score by innings as follows:

ROSE S
Rrinfersie. con o 0358080508051 0==6:9 "5 ()
Sitede=wlie - 0002 ] KO0 1022 76

Hdhed: == 10— S ol AR 0000000

e .

THE UMPIRE

Umpires—Marty and Jean.
Triples Spitts, Hamilton, Jack Stump, and
Slats.
Friday’s Games

Printers—6 Shed—3

Inablility to solve Mack’s delivery togather
with poor fielding at critical stages of the game,
resulted in the defeat of the Shed team by the
Printers; the final score being 6—3.

Mack showed fine in his first game with the
Printers, fanning 9, and passing 2.

Banks was hammered for9 hits,
struck-out 6, and passed 4.

Score by innings as follows:

while he

SR, HAE
8 =3 3]
Rrinters Tos tor s n e 120:0 011 1F72-—6:970

Umpire— Fred.

Cubs—5 Ninth—2

The Cubs found little difficulty in taking the
Ninth into camp tothe tune of 5 to 2.

Charley on the mound for the Ninth was

wild at times and passed 4 men, allowed 4 hits.

and struck out 4.

Boyd for the Cubs, allowed 7 hits, struck-out
7 and -walked 1.

Score by innings as follows:

R HE.
Cubs:_-t. == 1015020 0050 2—5=4" 0
Ninth t seac- v 0000011002 7 0

Doubles—Jordon2, Lucky and Williamsport.
‘Home run— Jacoby.
Umpire—Marty.

Monday’s Games
Printers 6—Shed 4

The Printers won from the Shed by the score
of 6 to 4 in a game that.was featured by several
long drives and spectacular fielding.

Hagy, on the mound for the Printers, allowed
4 hits, walked 1 and struck out 10.

Silly, for the Shed, was touched for 7 hits,
struck out 8 and walked 4.

Mac was given credit for the longest drive;"

having placed one over the 6 block roof.
Score by innings asfollows:

REH

Printers Steson i 31100010—6 7 0

Shed. i 2lielo_—t 1 1010 4805010
Home runs—Hagy, Silly and Mac.

Triple—Banks.

Doubles—Sheppard and Spitz.

Umpires—Marty and Happy.
Cubs—5 Ninth—2

The Cubs took another gémei«from the Ninth,'
by a score of 5—2

The fielding support behiad Jacoby, w1th the

Ninth misplays, while the Cubs injected enough
timely hits to easily win the game.

Brilliant fielding was the rule of the game;
Taylor, Beck and Williamsport getting the
honors. Bishie’s triple and Lucky’s homer
accounted for the two Ninth tallies.

Score by innings as follows: :
. B
Cubst e = L0 2000300
NIt 450 . Shid (OO0 =1s]

Umpires—Fred and Collins.

RSGE
0 5 56
0 2 4

e

==
(O)==

. spot was along the 6-Block’ Lawn,

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Mid-Summer weather which still pre-
vails gave the boys of the 1st Section an idea
what old Sol can do in the heat line, as, one lap
around the institution seemed to satisfy all that
he can make it very warm at times, was evi-
dent, as Saturday afternoon was one of them.
But even with all the heat, everybody was
happy and enjoyed the afternoon. The boys
had their usual parade, which will be continued
until farther notice. The Parade was led by
the Color-bearers and Officers of the club fol-
lowed by the Band, which, in the absence of
Prof. Wiegandt is being conducted by B 6765.
The music was very good and a great credit to
the Band-boys. After breaking ranks the boys
sought the shady places and the most favorite
and where
the Orchestra gave an excellent Concert. Every
day-is bringing and showing better results, es-
pecially in the Orchestra, which is advancing
very rapidly, considering the short time in
which they have been combined. B 6252 has
charge of the Orchestra in the absence of Prof.
Wiegandt. The Mandolin and Guitar Club is
under the leadership of B 5048 and is advanc-
ing to the front. Comments from all, asto the
H. F. C. and its good qualities and fine run-

ning order are heard from every one and is a

credit to the members and those conducting
the Club. Now boys, may it be your earnest
desire as well as your best efforts to continue
to make good, and there is no question but
what you will be paid double for your good
efforts. There is quite a few surprises to
be sprung this winter, beginning with the
entertainments, and we feel you will appreciate
more and more the earnest efforts of our good
friends to make our sojourn within as pleasant
and profitable as can be, under the circum-
stances. It all depends on our conduct, not as
a body alone, but as individuals and whose
conduct will either mar or make it pleasant for
themse]lves. Enjoy yourself to the best of your
ability and consume all the fresh air possible,
but don’t become or get Jax in your memory
and overstep the privilege you now hold, as you
fully realize what it means and will cost you,
if at any time you become neglectful and care-
less in your conduct. Now may the wise study
and think, and as they do, let them ask the

_question: Should I forfeit all these privileges
- for the sake of another?

The answer forth-
coming will be, No—many times Noj; if they
are clean-thinking and looking for greater priv-
‘ileges.. In the future and until further notice
the Board of Delegates of the H. F. C. will
hold their regular stated meetings in the In-
dustrial Building every Tuesday afternoon at
1.30 p. M. sharp. When you leave your cell to
go to the yard, do so in the proper manner,
fall in by two’s and march, to your formation
point, and then fall'in by four’s. When you
retufn to your cell fall in by two’s_and march
in in the proper manner. Sat., July 1oth, the

- 2nd Section, composed of the followmg blocks

and galleries will be out: 8B, 4B ‘5B, 5G,
RS C and 9B B 7819 Rep. Del
