---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_117.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests. and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

| THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, July 19, 1916

NO. 28

PENNSYLVANIA TROOPS
SENT TO THE INTERIOR

GREAT ADVANCE IN
PRISON METHODS

Bandits Reported Near Border—Troops Practical System for Study of Crime to
Pass Through Desert—Border Patrol be Introduced—Rockfeller Found-
Fires on Own Troops ation Contributes Funds for Clinic

A report from Marfa, Tex., states that com-
panies Fand M of the 2nd Pennsylvania In-
fantry left that place for the Rio Grande on a complete psycopathic clinic will be installed
Mm}day', to be p?art of t%le forces mustered. t0 andall incoming prisoners and those already
await raids by Villa bandits who are .prowlmg within the walls will undergo a thorough mental
northward through the State of Chihuahua. o, ination. The feeble minded and mentally
These detachments comprise the senior bat- deficient will be separated from the normal
talion of the regiment, which is commanded group.
by Major John Handy Hall, who is an Assistant ~ Tqis clinic will be the first of the sort in the
United States District Attorney in civil life. Upited States. As the first move, Dr. Bernard
The £onipaity commenders are Captains George Glyck, a specialist of international fame, will
R. Morrison and William Rowland. be installed at the prison next week as a re-

The Philadelphians will be transported across giqent physiatrist. Unlimited opportunity will
the 92 miles between this base and the river in po afforded to study the underlying causes of
motor overland dreadnoughts, of which there . iqe.

: : The  The Rockfeller Foundation has contributed
soldiers will cleave through the heart of the the funds for the clinic, and physiatric work is
great southwestern desert to Presidio, a barren only the forerunner of a plan which the rein-
and desolate spot unequaled in the entire giated warden is having prepared by the Na-

Seuatry. Desperadoes and bf‘d men of every tjonal Committee on Prisons, for turning the
stripe abound there, for the arid stretches form prison into a great receptive station where

hiding places and' haven for outlaws of both prisoners can be observed,
America and Mexico.

Two battalions of the 10th Infantry, under
the command of Major Coulter, detrained at
Marathon Sunday, and in motor Jorries will cut
across country for Boquillas and Glenn Springs,
raided by banditry lately from Mexico. The  The expected nomination of Judge John
other tv.vo companies forming this expeditionary L Gk ot i O ophes anla
force will soon get under way, and by Thursday
there will be a border patrol extending for sev-
eral hundred miles paralleling the international
boundary along the Rio Grande. Colonel
Joseph A. Gaston, commanding the 6th United
States Cavalry, has his base here, and will
issue his final instructions to Major Hall.

One detachment of the United States border
patrol fired on a second detachment near here.
mistaking it fora body of bandits. Private years old in September. The only bachelor on
~ Milhoun, of the 6th Cavalry, was wounded. the Supreme bench is associate Justice James

Milhoun, with several other troopers, was McReynolds.
returning to camp with several horses they Judge Clark’s nomination was urged by Sec-
had rounded up. Nearing a small thicket in retary of War Baker, with whom he was as-
which they detected a movement, they called _ . "o, politics in Cleveland.
out and fired several shots. A patrol hidden — pp. oW Justice was born an Lisbon, Ohio,
in the bush, mistaking them for enemies, fired graduated at Western Reserve University in
on them, Milhoun being shot through the jaw. yg75 454 was admitted to the Ohio bar in 1878.
He was brough here, where it was ascertained Up to the time of his appointment as District
his wound is not dangerous.

As a begining of the broad innovations which
are about to.be introduced at Sing Sing prison,

is-a substantial flotilla waiting here.

classified and
treated according to their needs.

JUDGE CLARK NAMED FOR U. S.
SUPREME COURT

sociate Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United State to fill the vacancy caused by the
resignation of Charles E. Hughes, was sent to
the Senate by President Wilson Saturday. The
nominee, who isa staunch Democrat, is the Fed-
eral Judge for the Northern Judicial District of
Ohio. He was a Democrat candidate for the
United States Senate against Marcus A. Hanna.

Judge Clarke is a blachelor. He will be 59

Judge in 1914, he practiced law in the courts
of Ohio.

NOTICE

Owing to the needs of the season, the Peni- In fancy dress, the inmates of Sing Sing wel-

tentiary Choir will take the Sunday afternoon comed the return of Thomas M. Osborne as
service July 30th. Warden.

BALL: GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games
Cubs 8—Shed 0

In a one sided hitting match the Cubs
blanked the Shed 8—0. :

Boyd on the mound for the Cubs, pitched
good ball, allowing only 3 hits, struck out 9
and walked 1.

Banks for theShed, was hit hard, there being
a total of 13 hits recorded against him, and he
walked 3 and struck out 6.

Score by innings as follows:

R H. E
Sheehet ™ s SENEAZy 00000000—0 3 1
Cubsit S i 132000 2 083580

Doubles—Jordan 2; Fats; Barney; Silly.
Umpire—Marty.

Printers 6—Ninth 6

A hotly contested game, between the Ninth
and Printers resulted in a tie score 6—6.

A fast double play by the Printers squelched
the Ninth, when they had a chance to score.

Winters weakned in the third, and was re-
lieved by Charley; 5 strike outs, and 9 passes
were registered of the pair,

Mack pitched the full game for the Printers,
fanning 7, and walking 2.

Hagy demonstrated his ability asa batsman,
getting 2 doubles and a home run in 3 times up.

Score by innings as follows:

R.H. E.
Printers ("t 2150 20" 1: 070C0=—6GRE a0
Ninthl: EoThGie 2.0°3 00010 0—6 68

Home run—Lucky Hagy.

Doubles—Hagy 2; Sump; Charley, Pettrilli;
Baum; Wllliamsport.

Umpire—Fred.

Thursday’s Games

Printers 5—Ninth 1
In a pitching duel between Manager Al
Hagy and Jacoby, the Printers were victors
over the Ninth by a count of 5 to 1.
Circus fielding, races for the plate, hard hit
ting, fine pitching and desperate base running
kept the fans in an uproar throughout thegame.

The Ninth scored their lone run when Fin-
gers tallied on Bishie’s fly to deep center.

Spitz showed his ability to play ball,
whenin fast company, his work in the inner
garden was perfect; while Slats showed up as
a steady and dependable first socker.

Hagy allowed 4 hits, fanned 7, and passed 3.

Jacoby gave 8 hits, struckout 7, and walked
2.

It was one of those titanic struggles that are
seldom seen on a baseball field.

Score by innings as follows:

(Continued on fourth page)
