---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_118.jpg
---
2

—_—

THE UMPIRE

Deveted to the interests and entertainment of its
readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia
every Wednesday.

MSS.—Original matter, adaptable to these columns
{s desired, and will be published as space becomes available
Rejected articles will not be returned.
All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and handed to Overseer, who will see to
delivery-

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s registered number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413; Editor.

Philadelphia, July 19, 1916

PrisoN PopuLATION—Males 1398. Females
23. Total 1421 Last serial number B 8310

THE ADVANCE OF PRISON REFORM

- From various sections of the country there is
reported continuous progress with the prison
problem, and efforts to provide proper means
for the care and advancement of the imprison-
ed, showing that the general interest of the
thinking public has been aroused to the ne-
cessity of logical and sane legislation to better
existing conditions and to stamp out the bar-
barous methods of the past. Thisis as it should
be, and we are pleased to see that the South
American countries are awakening to the needs
of better and more enlightened treatment of
the fallen, as well as their northern brethern.

From late news reports we glean the interest-
ing information that the Minister of Justice of
Chile, has appointed a commission to make a
study of crime in that country, and to present
a detailed report to the government, suggesting
adequate measures for the control and preven-
tion of crime, for reforming delinquents and
for the proper classification and separation of
prisoners. It is proposed to establish in the
new penitentiary at Santiago, a complete lab-
oratory of psychology and to have physicians
in attendance at all penal institutions, who will
be required to give such information or data as
may be desired by the commission in connec-
tion with the work.

It is to be hoped that the commission will
make a complete success along the line of its
endeavor, and that we may soon hear of de-
cided betterments in prison conditions in that
country.

SAVE THE BOYS'!

In an address which was delivered before tke
National Congress of Mothers and Parent-Tea-
chers Association at Detroit, Mich., Mrs. Fred-
erick Schoff, of this city, declared that 90 per
cent of truancy occurs with boys, and that 90
per cent of the juvenile court children are boys.

The entrance of so many boys into lives of
crime, she asserted is far worse than infant
mortality, and is in a large degree due to par-
ential neglect. Continuing, Mrs. Schoff made

N S S S S i S SRR S I ST R R S e M

THE UMPIRE

it plain that ‘‘each boy should be treated as an
individual, needing loving care and proper guid-
ance,’’ and suggested that boys can be helped
to become good, law-abiding men by a ‘‘definite
systematic co-operation of home, school and
church, business men and the court, if con-
ducted on the basis of true insight into boy na-
tures and tendencies.’’

The address was well received by the assem-
bly and it is expected to pave the way for plans
to keep a closer watch over the growing youth,
and to see to it, that parents are held to stric-
ter account for the proper care of their children.

DEFECTIVE SIGHT CAUSE OF CRIME

Convinced by general observations during a
considerable period of time, as judge of the
court of general sessions in New York, a prom-
inent jurist of that state declares that ‘‘bad
eyes make bad men. While this may appear
to be a novel idea to some, I do not hesitate to
say that the man who cannot see straight can-
not think straight nor act correctly.”” Con-
tinuing, he said that a large percentage of the
persons brought before him for sentence, have
defective eyesight, and this he firmly believes,
is mainly responsible for their criminal tenden-
cies and moral delinquencies.

Unquestionably poor eyesight has a depress-
ing effect upon the mind and is injurious to the
general health; that it would pervert the mind
from normal thought, should occasion no sur-
prise. The judge holds to his theory, saying
that he is able to back it up with convincing
proof, and that ‘‘one of the first steps which
should be taken by the state in the correction
of law breakers, ought to be the careful exami-
nation and treatment of their eyes.’’

AS OTHERS SEE HIM

It is the unexpected little things in life that
shows the true man after all. Relating an inci-
dent which happened recently, a New York paper
states that when Charles Evans Hughes, Re-
publician norninee for President was on his way
to his country place, he left the dcor of his
drawing room in the car open, to obtain a bet-
ter circulation of air. Mr Hughes was reading
a magazine and had an auto cap pulled over
his eyes, when two young men on a week-end
vacation walked in, inquiring, ‘‘Is this the
smoking compartment?’’

“‘Sit down,’’ answered Mr.
make yourselves comfortable.’’

They did.

A half hour later some one walked in and
greeted Mr. Hughes, expressing the hope that
he would be the next President. The two
young men, recognizing the candidate for the
first time, began to apologize. Pressed to
finish their smoking, they returned thanks and
quickly backed out, much abashed.

Why be embarrassed?’’ one of them was
asked afterward. '

“Well,”” was the answer, ‘‘we discussed -
politics, and—well, we are not Republicans.”’

Hughes, ‘‘and

“For right will always live and rise at length
but wrong can never take deep root to last.’’

DPN—G p7~ WE TR LN,

RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel cn
the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

RESTLESSNESS

Ferryman’ row me across.
The flowers look brighter on that farther

side.

The stones less rough that lie along its
shore,

And there, they tell me, birds sing ever-
more:

-

Ferryman, row me across.

Ferryman, row me across.
Here are the same old sorrows as of yore,
Among those newer beauties I would hide;
Heed not, I pray, an adverse wind or tide,
Ferryman, row me across.

Ferryman, come, row me home.

I cannot, ’mid these scenes so strange,
abide:

Mine eyes grow dim, and in my heart’s
deep core

I long for old familiar things once more—

E’en though they be the sorrows known of
yore,

Keptever green by graves of those who
dicd==

Ferryman, quick, row me home!

— Antoinette DeC. Patte'r:son

Following in the wake of the Public Defender
idea, a Kansas law maker is about to present
a bill to the legislature of that state, creating
the office of Public Attorney, to whom could
be submitted all questions of law by the poor
and unfortunate of a community, and who
would prosecute all cases where one of the
litigants had no funds. At a former session of
the legislature a bill of similar nature was in-
troduced, but failed to pass because it was
such a novel innovation. It is said that from
present indications the bill has a good chance
of passing.

The ‘‘Independence Number’’ of the Index,
just at hand, is especially neat in makeup and
has a number of interesting and well written
articles in its columns. : &

Our compliments are extended to the editor
and men of the printing shop.

It does seem rather ridiculous when you
happen to think of it. Not so long ago the
President’s secretary, Tumulty, was defending
Carranza as the one responsible man of Mexico.
How about it now? :

