---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_119.jpg
---
BN

THE UMPIRE

w

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

A finely bred pointer owned by District At-
torney Chapman, of Elgin, Ill., hasbeen found
guilty of stealing articles left by grocers on rear
porches and opening bottles of milk. Since the
prosecutor values the dog very highly he is in
a quandry asto what punishment should be
meted out to him.

S

An order for 100 small field locomotives for
the French government has been received by
the Baldwin Locomotive Works. The value of
the order is more than $750,000. The locomo-
tives are of the same type as those ordered last
year. They are to be delivered in the next
three months.

o

Henry Ford has announced that the Ford
Motor Company, of which he owns 58 per cent
of the stock, will soon begin the construction
of blast furnaces and a plant for the manufac-
ture of automobile and gasoline tractor parts.
It will be built at River Rouge, a suburb of the
city, and the first cost will be $8,000,000.

o

A campaign to urge church members of all
denominations to espouse the- cause of world
peace, to be brought about at the end of the
present war, was commenced at Philadelphia
recently, under the auspices of the American
branch of the world’s alliance of churches and
the Carnegie Church Peace Union.

&

There were coined at the Philadelphia Mint
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 1916,
a total of United States pieces of 109,068,330,
valued at $14,742,731. In addition there were
coined for Cuba and South American Govern-
ments 46,032,982 pieces, valued at $27,642,387,
which bring the total coinage of the mint to
155,101,312 pieces, representing a total value
of $42,384,876 for the year, :

&

Seven days, 11 hours and 52 minutes is the
latest record for a transcontinental automobile
run from Los Angeles, Cal.,to New York City.
This was recently accomplished by a machine
carrying a crew of two. The men ate their
meals while on the run and stopped only to
take one-hour naps and make necessary re-

. pairs.

e

The two fleet submarines authorized by the
63rd congress were designed by the navy de-
partment.
of 1,300 tons, as compared with the 800 tons
of boats now in commission and with the 1,000
ton Schley now nearing completion. They are
to have a surface speed of about 25 knots
which is greater than that of any known Eur-
opean craft of this type. They will be about
250 feet long and will have such a cruising ra-
dius and such sea-going qualities as will enable
them to cruise with the battle fleet.

They are to have a displacement

NOT DRINKING ANY MORE

She wears the smiles of morning now,
And where the wrinkles trod her brow
The roses smile and violets tread,
And even the snow upon her head

Is turning gold as of old,

In all its girlish youth of gold;

And all she says—there is the door—
Is: He’'s not drinking’ any more!”’

His little breeches are not worn,

Nor hair unkempt, nor stockings torn;

His little cheeks are not so thin,

The shadow of another’s sin

No longer hovers where he goes

In playtime of childhood’s rose;

His hunger and his grief are o’er—

““Our father doesn’t drink no more!”’

A ray of sliver in the sun,

Comes trippling in a little one,

Full of the grace, the glow, the swirl

Of life and laughter of the girl.

Her old, torn dress of calico

Has been discarded long ago,

And sweet and glad she sings the lore—

“‘Dear papa doesn’t drink any more.”’
—Author Unknown

FROM DIAZ TO TODAY

Abdication
Revolution
Election
Assassination
Demorilation
Provocation
Interpolation

Crimination
Procrastination

Aggravation
Notification
Prevarication
Preparation
Vituperation
Villa-fication
Mortification

Convention
Nomination

Mobilization
INTENTION

Pacification
Education

Restoration
—B 826/

The July issue of The Joliet Prison Post
comes to hand just as we are going to press, so
we will not have space to give it the write up
it deserves. But we must say that it is an ex-
cellent number, replete with interesting and
useful information from cover to cover, which
reflects much credit upon its editor and contri-
butors.

Believe in the better side of men. It is op-

timism that really saves people.

BORROWED MIRTH

Judge—Were you arrested before? ‘
Burglar Bill—Say now, your honor, do I look
a ammychewer? :

5

“‘So you are going to defend that defaulter
who got away with $100.000?”" ““‘Yep."

“Bad case isn’t it?”’

““Awful! He didn’t save enough out of it to
pay a respectablc fee.”’

o :

“An’ me Cousin Delia’s lost her place. The
misthress discharged her for loightin’ the fire
with kerosens.”’

““Faith! She was luky to lose nothing’ but
her place.”’—

S
First Summer Hotel Boarder—I couldn’t
sleep last night for the cold. How did you you
manage?
Second Summer Hotel Boarder—Fine. We
put the railroad ticket, the hotel folder and the
proprietor’s bill on the bed.

o

Father—I want to tell you this, my son; the
secret of success is hard work.

Son—If it’s a secret, dad, you shouldn’t
have told it. Fortunately, I’m too much of a
gentleman to take advantage of information
gained in that way.

&

“‘Can you tell me,’’ said the court address-
ing Enrico Ufuzzi, under examination as to his
qualifications for citizenship, ‘‘the difference
between the powers and prerogatives of the
king of England and those of the President of
the United States?’”’

““Yezzir,”’ spoke up Ufuzzi promptly. “‘King,
he got a steady job.”’

' S

The citzen came puffing up.

Why didn’t you stop that man when I yelled
‘stop thief?’ "’ he demanded.

The other citizen yawned.

““I never interfeie in a political quarrel,”’
quoth he.

o

The minister was out making calls one after-
noon and on ringing the bell at the home of
one of his parishioners, little five year-old
George opened the door.

“Is your mother home, sonny?” the minister
asked.

George looked at him a while and not recog-
gnizing him, asked: “Are you the man that
brought the beer yesterday?’’

&

She nestled her head on his manly breast.
“Oh, George, '’ she whispered, ‘‘how loud your
heart beats. And every beat is for your own
Angelioia, isn’t it?”’

He looked uncomfortable. ‘‘Well, the fact -
is’”” he said, ‘‘the engagement ring cost so much
that I’m er-obliged to carry one of those dollar
watches for the present. That’s what you
hear?”’
