---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_120.jpg
---
TR S

4

THE UMPIRE

———

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE

Wo B Pt WENSE Pct?
Printers 26 14 667 Cubs 25 17 595
Ninth 26 16 619 Shed 05 37 119

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pct. WARIESSEP et
Brooklyn 45 30 600 Chicargo 39 43 431
Boston 45 31 563 Pittsburg 35 40 467
Phila. 41 33 554 St. Louis 38 45 458
New York 37 38 493 | Cinn. 33 49 402

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDINC

W- L Pet, WA ES Pct'

New York 48 34 585 Washington 42 38 525
Boston 45 35 563 Detroit 43 40 518
Clev’land 46 36 561 St. Louis 36 45 444
Chicago 42 36 525 Athletics 18 56 243

(Continued from st page)

REHRES

Priatersa.. ~.. . .0000400.10-~5.8 0
Rl e - 007050170 00 0=1""4" " 1

Triple— Mack and Lucky.
Doubles—Hagy, Baum, Buck and Fingers.
Umpire—Fred.

Friday’s Games
Cubs 5—Shed 4

The Cubs won a see-saw game with the Shed,
the final score being 5 to 4.

Silly, on the slab for the Shed, pitched a fine
game, but was given poor support. He fanned
6 and walked 4.

Big Slim was taken out in the sixth, in
favor of Albie; 7 strike outs and 2 passes were
recorded against them.

Albie starred in the garden, while Logan led

. at the bat.

s

Score by innings as follows:

RIAICE.
Cubs ¥ sl Ol 00221000—5 4 0
Shedh oo 0 B 10021000—4 3 0

Doubles—Logan, Charlie.
Umpire—Fred.

Printers 5—Ninth 2

Timely hitting, coupled with Mack’s fine
pitching enabled the Printers to win from the
Ninth by the score of 5—2.

Machad the game in hand at all times, allow-
ing only 2 hits, walked 1 and struck out 12,

Jimmy Winters for the Ninth, was wild at
times, and walked 5 men. He was touched for
8 hits and struck out 9.

Stump took batting honors, having 2 doubles
and a single out of 4 times at bat.

Score by innings as follows:

R.HE.
Brinters! .o o ORLEOB2 SORIE1 0805 S S
Ninthe- s 200 - 000020000—2 2 ¢

Doubles Stump 2.—Williamsport.
Umpire Marty.

Monday’s Games
Cubs 10—Shed 1
The Shed held the Cubs to the close score of

R R R R A N N

2 to 1 for the first five innings, but in the sixth
Banks, pitching for the Shed weakened, and
the Cub batters hit the ball all over the lot,
scoring six runs before the side was retired.

The final score was 10 to 1 in the Cubs favor.

Boyd held the Shed batters to 3 scatteted
hits, struck out 11 and walked 1.

Banks for the Shed was touched for 14 hits
and struck out 9.

Score by innings as follow:

REHAES
Shed e o sy 0100000 0—1 3 O
Cibsli. | _wriatie s 1001006 2—10140

Home run—Fats.

Doubles—Jordan 2, Davis, Evans and Boyd.

Umpire—Marty.

Printers 1—Ninth 8

The Ninth won the last game of the series
from the Printers by a score of 8—1.

The Printers clvbbers were unable to hit
Charlie safley. He fanned 3 and passed 1.

Mack was hit hard, and was given erratic
support. He fanned 8, and walked 3.

Spitz scored the Printers lone tally on Jack’s
double in the second frame.

The hitting of Jacoby and Pet and the fine
catching of Lucky featured.

Home run-Jacoby.

Score by innings as follows:

R. H. E.
PrintersSiss i 010000000—1 5 2
Ninth > ca 0 OFSEORS 020108 —=S = 980

Doubles Jack, Baum,
Umpire—Fred.
Cooks 10—Bakers 2

The Cooks put another crimp in the Bakers,
defeating them by a score of 10 to 2.

John and Jim, who started for the Bakers,
were very liberal with passes, allowing 8 men
to walk.

Banks and Blackie did the twirling for the
Cooks, and they were touched for 8 hits, while
4 walked. : N

Lucky and Bill easily featured, each getting
a home run.

Umpire— Jordan.

Jacoby, Hump.

Batting Averages of Players Batting .300 and
Over, Including Games of July 14.

No. Name A.b. Hits Pct.

B 7685 Hagy 132 52 394.
B 7664 Jake 128 50 392,
B 6353 Jore 104 39 375.
B 7826 Banks 80 27 338.
B 7471 Chick 146 49 336.
B 8219 Baum. 111 36 324.
B 5556 Stump 111 41 306.
B 7846 Jack 135 34 305.
B 7476 Barney 102 31 304.
B 6654 Spookie 139 42 302.
B 7759 Lucky 130 39 300.
—Sec. B 6286

Former Dictator Castro, has been ordered
deported by the immigration authorities in
spite of his protest. It is said that the Ex-
President of Venezuela will make an appeal to
Washington. His record as a trouble maker
stands against him.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The weather-man was kind and obliging in
holding off the threatening storm, so hats off to
him, otherwise many would have been disap-
pointed in not receiving their Saturday after-
noon half-holiday and recreation. The Second
Section came near being disappointed as the
weather was very uncertain at times, but with
all the clouds and gloomy overhead appearances
every one enjoyed the day and returned happy
in many ways. On account of the favorable
weather which was somewhat cooler than pre-
vious Saturdays the parade made two circles
around the grounds, lead by the color bearers
and officers of the club. The band played
several catchy pieces in leading the parade,
under the direction of B 6765. Their concert
was excellent, considering as they have not
had their usual amount of practice, and they
deserve great credit for the able manner in
which it was conducted and rendered by all.
Better days are coming to all, so stick to the
ship as long as there is a piece of the old ship
floating. During the intermission in the con-
cert, the ‘‘Guitar King,”” B 8086, rendered
several selections which were received with
great pleasure and hearty applause. B 7725,
better known as ‘‘Peg,’’ gave the boys an ex-
hibition on how his Choo-Choo can work as
much smoke was in evidence during his per-
formance, be careful Peg, the smoke inspectors
will be after you. B 7545 gave the boys some
of his witty sayings including the ‘“Tale of the
Tramp and McCloskey’s one-eyed Gat,’’ which
brought forth great applause from everyone.
Considering all, music and comedy sketches,
the afternoon passed along very nicely, but the
surprise was held off for the finish. The band
boys lead the members into their respective
blocks and galleries, separating at the Centre

and permitting the members to march through
with the best of music. This was the surprise
as no one knew until the last what wascoming.
Every little surprise is greatly appreciated by
all, no matter how small it is. The Warden
passed through the grounds and took note of
everything as usual. The score of the H. F. C.
game you will find elsewhere. Now for the
benefit of all those who can read pass it along
to those who cannot. "If you don’t belong to
the H. F. C. kindly remain off the grounds and
to the blocks and galleries coming out to the
grounds and returning, please do not smoke in
line of parade, or leaving your block or gallery.
This is your final warning, one and all, so kindly
be governed accordingly and don’t loose your
privileges and your pleasure as well, You loose
no one else. Let this be sufficient to the wise.
The following blocks and galleries go out this
Saturday, July 22, 1 B,8 B, 10 B 11 B, 6 B,
6 G, 12B, 12 B—1G, 12B—2G. ‘
Rep. Del. B 7819—B 5602.

Honor Club 10—Blocks 2

The Block team after being re-enforced by
several stars, were unable to cope with the
Honor Club, who won by the score of 10 to 2.

Charley, pitching for the H. F. C.,, allowed
10 hits, walked 5 and struck out 3.

Silly, for the Blocks, allowed 16 hits, walked
3 and failed to have a strike out. ;

One of the features of the game was a home
run drive by Taylor. Umpire—Jacoby.
