---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_121.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

VOL. V

NAVY BILL FOR $315,000,000
PASSES THE SENATE

16 Capital Ships are Provided for—To
be Completed in Three Years

It is reported from Washington that the
Senate, after rejecting the smaller building
program of the house, on Friday last, passed
the naval appropriation bill by a vote of 71 to
8. Every effort of both Democratic and Re-
publican ‘‘little navy’’ Senators to reduce the
enormous measure—the amount of appropria-
tions being $315,826,843—failed by overwhelm-
ing votes.

The bill as it passed the Senate, authorizes
the construction of 157 warships, ranging from
- dreadnoughts and modern battle cruisers down
to submarines, within the next three years.
The cost of constructing those ships will be
$588,180,576, but during the next year the
expenditure will amount to but $110,726,576.
During the next two years Congress will be
forced to appropriate for ship construction
alone $488,192,027.

Ten dreadnoughts and six battle cruisers are
to be built within the next three years, accord-
ing to the provisions of the bill. Four of the
dreadnoughts and four of the battle cruisers
are to be built as soon as possible. Each of
the dreadnoughts will cost approximately $18,
000,000 and the battle cruisers $20,000,000
each.

The principal features of the bill as it passed
the Senate are:

The reducing of two years on the building
program, making the limit three years.

Authorization of 157 new ships, 66 of them
to be begun as soon as practicable.

Eight of the capital ships to be begun
during the next 12 months, four to be battle-
ships and four battie cruisers.

Three million three hundred thousand dollars
authorized for batteries for merchant auxilia-
ries; of the amount, $1,650,000 to be available

this year.

Enlisted strength of the navy increased to
74,000 and in time of war or national emer-
. gency, the Presideng is authorized to increase
the strength to 87,000 men, and the Marine
Corps to 17,400 men.

Increases the number of aviation ‘stations
and $3,500,000 is appropriated for the avia-
tion service.-

Appropriated $19,485,500 for ammunition,
which provides for all ships to be built in the
next two years.

Provides $11,000,000
factory.

One million five hundred thousand dollars
appropriated for an experimental and reseach
laboratory, to be located in Washington, as
recommended by Thomas A. Edison and 22
other scientists.

Erection and equipment of a projectile plant,

$705,610; total cost when completed, $1,411,C00.

for a armor-plate

| THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, July26, 1916

PRISONERS TO BE EMPLOY-
ED MAKING BRICKS

It is reported from good authority that Mont-
gomery county roads are to be paved with
brick, manufactured by prisoners at a county-
owned brick plant.

Plans have been adopted by County Con-
troller William D. Heebner, of Lansdale, and
the board of county commissioners, of which
George D. Sullivan, of Lower Merion township,
is president, to begin operations at an early
date.

According to persons in touch with the sit-
uation, it is intended to buy a large tract of
land in the central part of the county, where
the soil is of the proper formation for the man-
ufacture of bricks. It is figured the land can
be acquired and a plant erected at an initial
cost of $60,000.

Bricks could be produced at low cost, it is
said, by the employment of prisoners, and the
actual work of road construction would be given
by contract.

Episcopal Services at the Chapel

The regular monthly Episcopal services were
held at the E. S. P. Chapel on Thursday morn-
ing last, in charge of the Rev. Thomas J. Taylor.

Notwithstanding the heat of the day, there
was a good attendance of the inmate members
of the church present. The music and singing
was highly satisfactory from a musical stand-
point, which speaks well for those in charge.

Confirmation class was conducted by the
Rev. Charles E. Taylor, son of the Rev. T. J.
Taylor, in the afternoon, at which time he ad-
dressed the class on the subject of “‘Will
Power.”” The discourse was very interesting
and we hope for another visit from him in the
near future.

On The Road to Baseball Fame

Information reaches us from Skowhegan,
Me., that Bill McKe nty, son of Warden Robt.
J. McKenty, has been doing things up in that
country that has caused the l8cal fans to “sit
up and take notice.”” “‘Bill’’ has won 9 straight
games, losing none so far,—the one hundred
per cent kind it seems,—which leads us to be-
lieve that it just runs in the blood and so
comes natural to make good.

Connie Mack believes that there is a fine
baseball future in store for “Bill,”” which would
indicate that there is a strong probability of his
wearing the uniform of the Athletics before
long. ,

LOST—Top-knot Canary on 19 inst. Finder
please return same to B 5625, 10 B.

LOST—Canary bird. Finder rewarded by
returning same to B 5598, 3rd. B.

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 29
BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games
Cubs 8—Printers 1

The ultimate result of the Cubs triumph over
the Printers contingent was 8 to 1. ‘

‘Boyd had wonderful control of his fast ball,
and issued 2 passes, while he fanned 6.

Hagy was pounded for 13 hits, while he fan-
ned 8, and walked 1.

Brilliant fielding by Taylor and Mack, fea-
tured in the garden

Jordan’s two home-runs easily featured the
game.

R. HEE:

Cubgs i 50 Pl ¥ 0132110 00-—-8%310
001000000—1 51

Home-run—Jordan 2.

Triple—Taylor. :

Doubles— Boyd 2, Taylor, Reds, Barney and
Mooney.

Umpire—Marty.

Ninth 4—Shed 5

Manager Anderson of the Shed, has finilly
succeeded in getting together a combination
that defeated the Ninth for the first time this
season; winning by the score of 5—4.

The Shed started the scoring in the +th
inning by getting 2 runs: and following with up
3 more in the 5th, which won the game.

Over confidence and loose fielding led to the
Ninths downfall.

Silly, for the Shed, allowed 8 hits, walked 1
and struck out 6.

Jimmy Wintersfor the Ninth, allowed 9 hits,
walked 8 and struck out 7. :

00002300 0—5

NPl oS00 @ O 1L 8 00 =2

Ex. base hits. ‘

Doubles, Stony, Hamilton, Jacoby, Chick.
Umpire Andy

HE S
8 0
7 0

Friday’s Games

Printers 2—Cubs 2

The game between the Printers and Cubs
was a hard fought game from start to finish;
fast ball playing and much excitement pre-
vailed through-out.

The final score being a tie at 2 runs apiece.

Mac, on the mound for the Printers, pitched
a steady game, and kept the 5 hits off him
pretty well scatterd, and fanned 5 men.

Albie also pitched good ball, allowing 7 hits,
walked 1 and struck out 6.

Double plays on each side in the last inning
were the features of the game.

(Continued on fourth page)
