---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_122.jpg
---
P o,

THE UMPIRE

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its

readers.

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia,
every Wednesday-

suitable for these columns is
Rejected

Mss.—Original matter,
acceptable, and will be published as needed.
articles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and given to the Overseer, who will see to
its delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number,

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia July 26, 1916

PrisoN PorurLaTioN—Males 1401. Females
24. Total 1425 Last serial number B 8316

A WELL MERITED TITLE

Evidently the inmates of Sing Sing prison
have a deep seated regard for Warden Osborne,
for the many beneficial reforms he has inaugur-
ated at that institution, and advocated for the
future welfare of erring humanity. We read
that he was recently given the title, Doctor of
Humanity, on the occasion of his return to the
office of warden. This is good news and we
are glad to note the evidence of appreciation
manifested by those under his charge, as it goes
to show that the often repeated assertion that
““law-breakers have no sense of gratitude,”’ is
false.

Perhaps there will ‘‘be many in whose judg-
ment Mr. Osborne’s methods in dealing with
the prisoners in the New York penitentiary are
too lenient; they look upon him as visionary
and depreciate his tendency to ‘‘coddle’’ the
criminal The latter is a fear that has no foun-
dation in fact, for he expressly disclaims any
such tendency and purpose. But he is working
out the great experiment of treating these people
as human beings, of assuming that if they are
evil there must be at the same time some good
in them capable of being developed and en-
couraged for their own salvation and the good
of society. He acts on the principle that in
the vast majority of cases even a convict will
react to decent human treatment, that if he is
trusted he will keep faith, and that there is a
sense of honor even in the lowest of human be-
ings which can be appealed to successfully.
The recent voluntary return to Sing Sing of an
escaped prisoner, under the spur of conscience
and the prompting of his fellows in the under-
world in which he sought refuge, is one signal
proof of the practical correctness of Mr. Os-
borne’s theory and practice.’’

THINK SUCCESS AND WIN

It is not uncommon to hear complaints about
the difficulty of getting along in the world and
many other weak-kneed remarks of a similar
nature, all of which are educed by a lack of
perception as to what is going on about us

/

T e S S

&

THE UMPIRE

every day. Show me the case of a man who
has really made good without struggles, suffer-
ing and hardships. As a fact they are not to
be found. Every bit of success in life means
work, endeavor to get along in spite of that
which may be just ahead.

To make up your mind that there is no use
in further trying and that you will wait for
some opportunity to come along, is to court
failure. It would be better to call out the re-
serves and have the whole force club you into
action of some kind. If you have the faintest
idea that you can make success come to you by
sitting down and brooding over your troubles,
while others of energy and snap are working
earnestly to make ends meet, you will have an-
other guess coming. J

The most helpful thought is to have the mind
ready and willing to accept whatever comes,
willing to fight long and hard for any cause
that will bring you near the goal of success.

With such an attitude of mind to face the fu- .

ture, there can be but one result, and that will
be to come out a winner.

HAVE FAITH—SAIL ON!

When you go out into world again to face
the future, you must be prepared to hear a
knock now and then. But don’t let that dis-
courage you in the least, you’ll always find the
knocker in all walks of life, and like many
other pests they will have to be endured for a
time. Bear in mind that Columbus started for
an unknown shore with a convict crew, and
when the three little ships were believed to be
lost and everything seemed dark, a majority
of his men still had faith and cried, “‘Sail on!
Sail on!”’

The great mind of Columbus had realized in
dreams, the call of another country. He had
heard the clamor of the people’s cry, ‘It can’t
be done, Impossible!”” but he was fired with
determination and belief in himself and his
dreams, and he won.

Any tirne you may hear one say, ‘‘It can’t
be done,”” move along out of his presence as
you would to get out of a foul atmosphere for

fear of contamination. He has an infectious —July 7, 1916

disease that is dangerous.

WHY THE BOY WENT WRONG

First Friend: He never had a decent home
life. $

Second Friend: His parents neglected him.
His Sister:
His Brother: He was always that way.
His Father: - I did all I could for him.
The Boy: They were all against me.
His Mother:

He didn’t know any better.

He isn’t lost yet.

The clock, methinks, is a disgrace,
Although it seldoms shirks,

It holds its hands before its face,
And then runs down good works.
It beats the seconds, strikes the time,
And has a shameful trick
Of showing impudence sublime

- While running on on tick.

S S D N B e SO LY TV U i e !

RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel on
the third Thursday of every month..

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

THE GOAL

Heart-Friend God stretch down Thy loving
hand,
Close clasp my own in Thine.
I am bewildered in the darkness,
And the rugged way is steep.
I only know afar there lies a dazzling summit
The Goal—our Home—
Where we shall see Thee face to face at last,
Dear Christ, our God.
And so I climb, and fall; and rise and climb
again,
—And on—and on.
But wilt Thou clasp my up-reached hand.
O Heart-Friend God.

And, in its palm (in tenderest reverence held)
The hand of all whom Thou hast made
Since time began—no matter what their

sins, '
Or far their wanderings,
Wilt Thou, do this, O Heart-Friend God,
I’ll climb and climb through ages,
Till the Summit is attained,
And Thou, our Home, art reached,
O Heart-Friend God!
* * * * * * ® * * ¥

Throughout the velvet darkness and silence

of the night,

I hear, I feel I know Thy answer—“‘Yes.”’—
O Christ, Thy Love of God

Made visible to man.
: —A. M. C. Dupree.

The poem printed above is by Miss A. M. C.

Dupree, and is sent to the ‘‘Umpire’’ as her
‘““message to all of the ‘boys’ from their faith-
ful friend, and ‘The Goal’ is theirs I know.”’

Because of her absence thru long-continued

illness many of our men have only a little
knowledge of Miss Dupree. All the acts of
kindness and attention practiced by the King’s
Daughters in here, are due more to her thirty
years of influence as an organizing spirit than
to any one. The hundreds of potted plants and
holiday cards given out at FEaster, Thanks-
giving and Christmas, originated with her.
Her determination to be a help to the inmates
was always strong despite the hard conditions
for Christian Visitors and the close discipline
over the prizoners a generation ago. Like all
true workers for the uplift of others, she never
seeks publicity, which is the strongest evi-
dence of sincerity. —By A Friend
