---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_123.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

—“—“——*Q“————“—_

INTERESTIN G NEWS ITEMS

British war expenditures have’ now reached
a total of more than $30,000,000 daily, accord-
ing to a statement made by Reginald McKenna
Chancellor of the Exchequer, in the House of
Commons recently.

S

Great excitement was caused in Cincinnati,
O., some time ago by the appearance of a
fashionably dressed woman who walked through
the streets with her legs bared to the knees.
Police had to be called to disperse the crowd
that followed her.

s

It is reported from Madrid, that in view of
railroad strike, the government has suspended
the constitutional guarantees, and martial
law has been proclaimed throughtout Spain.
King Alfonso has arrived at Madrid from La
Granja. A general strike is announced for
July 9. Some 100 strikers were arrested fot

causing a roit.

S

The American steamer Charle Beatty, which

recently reached New York from Tilt
Cove, N. F., reports the ocean alive with
sharks. Captain Seeley says he never before

saw so many. From 50 miles east of Fire
Island to port, he says, he saw schools of
sharks, probably several hundred in all, from 8
to 12 feet long.

5

While playing ball with a number of friends
recently, Franklin Hoen, of Mount Airy, Pa..
volunteered to catch behind the bat without
a mask. During the game a pitched ball missed
his glove and struck him on the head. He was
rendered unconscious and died shortly after-
ward.

2%

Involving a total of more than $16,000,000,
the Prudential Insurance Company of New-
ark, N. J., recently announced the institution
of a system of insuring every one of its more
than 16,000 employes without expense to the
workers. This is said to be the largest single
amount of life insurance ever covered by any
company in the word.

S

“Although it has been generally conceded that
the U. S. battleship Pennsylvania, displacing

" 31,400 tons, is at present the biggest and most

powerful warship in the world, other nations
are building ships that will rival or surpass the
Pennsylvania in both size and equipment. The
Russian government will soon have four battle-
cruisers completed, each displacing more than
32,000 tons. Japan is also building three
battleships of greater tonnage than the Fuso,
a Japanese superdreadnought displacing only
800 tons less than thc Pennsylvania. Italy
expects to have next year four ships of 30,00
tons displacement, while Germany has recently
completed three warships of an equal size.

SAND

I observed a locomotive, in the railroad yard,
one day: 3

It was waiting at the roundhouse, where the
locomotives stay;

It was panting for the journey, it was coaled
and fully manned,

And it had a box the fireman was filling full
of sand.

It appears that locomotives cannot always
get a grip

On their slender iron pavements, “cause the
wheels are apt to slip;

So when they reach a slippery spot, their
tactics they command.

And to get a grip upon the rail, they sprinkle
it with sand.

It’s about this way with travel along life’s
slippery track,—

If your load is rather heavy, and you’re al-
ways sliding back;

If a common locomotive you completely
understand,

You’ll provide yourself in starting with a
good supply of sand.

If your trackis steep and hilly, and you have
a heavy grade,

And if those who’ve gone before you have
the rails quite slippery made,

If you’d ever reach the summit of the upper
tableland, :

You'll find you’ll have to do it with a liberal
use of sand.

If you strike some frigid weather, and dis-
cover to your cost,

That yon’re liable to slip upon a heavy coat
of frost,

Then some prompt, decided action will be
called into demand,

And you'll slip ’'way to the bottom if you
haven’t any sand.

You can get to any station that is on life’s
schedule seen,

If there’s fire beneath the boiler of ambi-
tion’s strong machine;

And you’ll reach a place called Flushtown at
a rate of speed that’s grand

If for all the slippery places you’ve .a good
of sand.

—Author Unknown

SPARKS

Tact and deciet both end int, but their
origin and the end they work for are different.

If you ask others to stoop to our prejudices,
let us not blame them if they lose their upright-
ness. ‘

If the most difficult parts of a certain work
appeal to you, it is a good sign that you are
fitted for that work

A false accusation may harm,but it is the
true one that hurts. ;

Submit to oppression and you become a
partner in its perpetuation.

BORROWED MIRTH

The Politician—In all my career I.can say
that I have never done anything to be ashamed
of. :

The Cynic—You mean that you have never
done anything you were ashamed of.

S

‘1 hear you have a new little sister’’.

““Yes,”” answered the little girl, “‘Just two
weeks old.”’

““Did you want it to be a little girl?”’

‘“No I wanted it to be a boy,’’ she replied,
“but it came while I was at school.’’

o5
“‘And her mean husband thinks she’s extrav-
agant.
“Why?” 5

“‘Just because she insists on having Fido’s
monogram stamped on his dog-biscuits.”’

&

‘“Mein Gott, it is too much! Ain’t it enough
dot I fight for der vaterland? Now the Em-
peror says we should marry before leaving for
der front.”’

S

““My husband tells me that he was out late
last night with your husband.”’

““That isn’t so, I want you to understand
that my husband was out with your husband.’’

‘“Where’s your little brother?’’

‘‘He hurt himself.”’

SEowrid

"‘We were seeing who could lean out of the
window the farest, and he won.”’

S

It was an awkward question for a doctor to
put to a soldier.

““Colonel,’” he said, how do you feel when
you kill anybody?’’

“‘Oh, pretty well,’’ said the Colonel.
do you?”’

‘“How

&

‘‘Did you hear about the defacement of Mr.
Skinner’s tombstone?’” asked Mr. Brown a few
days after the funeral of that eminent captain
of industry.

“No; what was it?’’ inquired his neighbor,
curiously.

‘‘Some one added the word
epitaph.

What was the epitaph?”’

‘‘He did his best.”’

2%

‘I cannot understand why my second hus-
band is so fastidious,”” confessed a Washington
lady to her bosom friend.

‘‘He scarely eats anything. My first husband
who died, used to eat everything I cooked for
him.

‘‘Did you tell your present husband that?’’

(%3 Yes. k) .

“That accounts for it.”’

‘friend’ to the
