---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_124.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAG UE

WS Pt Wl Pet
Printers 28 16 636 Ninth 27 18 600
Cubs 27l 614 Shed 07 33" 156

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pct. l W. L. Pct.
Brooklyn 48 32 600 New York 39 42 4g1
Boston 43 34 558 Pittsburg 38 42 475
Phila. 44 36 550 St. Louis 41 48 461
Chicago 42 45 483 Cinn. 36 52 400

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDINC

W. L. Pct. , W. L. Pct
New York 81 36 586 Washington 47 40 541
Boston 49 37 570 Detroit 46 45 505
Clev’land 49 39 557 St. Louis 38 49 437
Chicago 48 40 545 Athletics 19 61 237
(Continued from st page)
Score by innings as follow:

RENE

@yibs 5 00T 01000001.0—25 O
Brimterst S0 000000200—2 7 O

Triples Hagy and Moony.
Doubles, Hagy and Baum.
Umpire Hoagland.

Shed 2—Ninth 1

A timely rally in the sixth inning, scoring 2
runs, enabled the Shed to beat out the Ninth
in an exciting game, 2 to 1.

Banks gave a brilliant exhibition on the slab,
only three hits being made from his delivery.
He fanned 5, and did not issue a free pass.

Charlie, on the mound for the Ninth, fanned
9, and issued 3 free tickets.

The Shed infield showed dash and ability
that was fairly amazing.

Manager Leo Anderson is wearing the smile
that won’t come off.

Score by innings as follows:

R.H. E
Blhied = on - o L0000 0501200702285 0
NS i) 5 10000000—1 30

Double—Hump.
Umpire—Marty.
Monday’s Games
Cubs 5—Printers 2

Boyd held the Printers to 5 hits, while his
téam-mates were pounding the opposing slab-
man for 10 hits, and the cnbs won 5 to 2.

Much of Boyd’s execution was done with
his drop ball. He fanned 6, and did not issue
a base on balls.

Hagy struck out 4, and walked 1.

Jordan smashed out a screaming four-bagger
over the fifth block roof.

Taylor had a perfect day at bat, three hits
in four times up.

The fielding of Moony and Smithy was the
best showing in this department.

Score by innings as follows:

REEETS
Recinters. - ¢ - 01021 0.0:0:0--95.0
Wiopsie "o - 9 010 2 0~010:=5 .10 0

Home run—Jordan.

. Doubles—Taylor, Boyd, Hagy and Jack.
Ninth 5—Shed 1

The Ninth finally came back to their usual
form and won from the Shed by the score of
b to 1.

Banks started out on the mound for the Shed,
but was hit hard, and after the Ninth scored 5
runs he was replaced by Silly, who finished in
good form. Together they allowed 10 hitsy
walked 3 and struck out 3.

Charley for the ninth, allowed 4 hits, walked
4 and struck out 9.

Score by innings as follows:

RIHSE:
Nrnths 28 SECE TR E 41000000510 0
Shed =t = A2 T 1850 1050 0208050 ENwLE ()

Doubles—Bishy 2, Chick and Evans.
Umpires—Hoagland and Jean.

GIVE THE FLOWERS NOW

Closed eyes can’t see the while roses,

Closed hands can’t hold them, you know;
Breath that is still cannot gather

The odors that sweet from them blow,
Death, with a peace beyond dreaming,

Its children of Earth does endow;
Life is the time we can help them,

So give the flowers now.

Here are the struggles and striving;
Here are the care and the tears;
Now is the time to be soothing
The frowns and the furrows and fears.
What to closed ears are kind sayings?
What to hushed heart is deep vow?
Naught can avail after parting,
So give the flowers now.
Just a kind word or a greeting,
Just a warm hand grasp or a smile—
These are the flowers that will lighten
The burdens of many a mile.
After the journey is over,
What is the use of them, how
Can they carry, whao must be carried?
Oh, give the flowers now.

Blooms from the happy heart’s garden,
Plucked in the spirit of love;
Blooms that are earthly reflections
Of flowers that blossom above.
Words cannot tell what a measure
Of blessing such gifts will allow
To dwell in the lives of the many,
So give the flowers now.
—Lewgh M. Hedges.

Printed by special request

PROBABLE MEXICAN COMMISSION

A Washington dispatch states that it is cur-
rently reported that the American members of
the proposed commission to treat with the
Mexicans, relative to disputed questions, may
be composed of Chief Justice White, Major
General Goethals and Frederick Lehmann.
The name of Louis D. Brandeis, Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court, alco was men-
tioned.

It appears certain that Luis Cabrera, Mexi-
can Minister of Finance, will head the Mexican
commission.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The weather man was unkind to the members
of the H. F. C. composing the First Section,
inasmuch as he did not feel inclined to leave
them enjoy the afternoon to the allotted time,
but only permitted them to hear a few pieces
of music rendered by the band and their able
leader Prof. Wiegandt. Now don’t worry as
it is to hot, and worrying does no one any good.
Be of good cheer and the weather man permit-
ting, your section will receive another trial this
Saturday, July 29, and let us hope that all will
be favorable for a good, pleasant and sociable
afternoon, one in which everyone can say, well
I certainly enjoyed myself. The officers of the
H. F. C. desire to call your attention and give
the credit where credit is due. First in the ef-
ficient manner in which you fell into line at the
sound of the bugle; and second, your being sin-
cere in trying to abide by the rules and avoid
smoking as has been requested of you while
leaving your block or gallery and while in line
of parade. These small items are always taken
note of, and if any one is found to be careless
or forgetful, their attention is called to the
fact. Be a man and respect those whom you
expect to show you respect, and you will find
it pays in the long run. When you have the
manner and carriage of a gentleman you can
command respect and approach those of your
class, otherwise, not being or trying to be a
man, you can’t command in any line, but will
prove to be a failure even to those who still
have faith in you and desire to see you come
out on top and rise to the top of ladder of suc-
cess. It pays any one to be on the square in
every line of work, but you can’t be on the
square if you are crooked with yourself. Med-
itate with yourself and ask yourself the ques-
tion. Am I onthe square with myself? If
you are then you can and always will be with
others. You can’t judge anybody. Judge not
lest you be judged. Fine feathers make fine
birds as the saying is, and birds of a feather
always flock together. Now boys, be true to
yourself and then you will be true to others.
Any man can say yes, but it takes a very good
man with a strong will power to say no, and
mean it. The band received their white hats
and they made a very striking appcarance in
the parade. The Prof. was there with his hat
and a very neat gold braid band was the trim-
ming. Allin all they looked swell. Some day
if the good work continues it would not be sur-
prising to any one, to see them dressed in a
neat uniform. It would look neat and be a
very great improvement to all; don’t you think
so boys? The boys of the first Section will be
out this Saturday, July 29, as they were not
out for the allotted time. Therefore, to be fair
and square to all, they will get what rightfully
belongs to them. The First Section is com-
posed of the following blocks and galleries: 1 B,
8.B, 10 B, 11:B;6/B; 6 G, 112 4 2 B 1E S0y
B-2 G. Rep. Del. B 5602—7819.

Every man has in himself a continent of

undiscovered character. Happy is he who acts
the Columbus to his own soul.
