---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_125.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, August 2, 1916

NO. 30

REMAINS OF HORNED GIANTS
FOUND IN INDIAN MOUND

Mound Uncovered Said to be Over 900
Years Old—Find of Great Scientific
Importance

It is reported from Binghamton, N. Y , that
a party composed of Professor A. B. Skinner,
of the American Indian Museum; Prof. W. K.
Morehead, of Phillips Andover Academy, and
Dr. George Donohue, Pennsylvania State hist-
orian, who have been conducting a research
along the valley of the Susquehanna, have un-
covered an Indian mound at Tioga point, on
the upper portion of Queen Esther's flats, on
the Murray farm, a short distance from Sayre,
N. Y. In the mound were found the bones of
68 men which are believed to have been buried
over 900 years ago.

The average height of these men, when the
skeletons were assembled, was 'seven feet,
while many were much taller. Further evi-
dence of their gigantic size was found in large
stone axes in the grave. On some of the skulls
two inches above the perfectly formed forehead,
were protuberances of bone evidently horns
that had been there since birth.

Members of the expedition say that it is the
first discovery of its kind on record. The
skull and a few bones found in one grave were
shipped to the American Indian Museum.

DISASTEROUS EXPLOSION
IN NEW YORK BAY

A terrific explosion that was heard for miles
around and caused great destruction occurred
at the plant of the National Storage Co., on
Black Tom Island, in New York harbor, early
Sunday moring.

The casualties recorded place the number of
dead at five, with several others among thirty-
five who were taken to hospitals, probably
fatally injured. From fifteen to twenty per-
sons were reported missing, and some are be-
lieved to be dead.

The force of the explosion shook Manhat-
tan Island like an earthquake. The shock was
felt in several states, and earth tremors reach-
ed as far as Philadelphia.

"It is estimated that the property damaged
will exceed $50,000,000; thirteen of the twenty-
four warehouses of the National Storage Co.,
were destroyed.

The immigrant station on Ellis Island, and
the Statute of Liberty on Bedloe’s Island, were
Lombarded by shrapnel as large shells caught
fire and exploded.

It is reported that several officers of the
National Storage Co., have been placed under
arrest charged with manslaughter, and viola-
tion of the laws of New Jersey.

EXPENDITURE OF $700,000,000
FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE

Vast Sum Exceeds House Figure—De-
pendent Families to be Taken Care of

The enormous sum of $700,000,000 is to be
expended for national defense in the fiscal year
of 1917, if the senate bills just passed, become
operative by the President’s approval.

This stupendous total for preparedness may
be subject to revision, however, because the
army bill will follow the navy bill into confer-
ence, where reductions are probable, despite the
firm attitude of President Wilson, in supporting
the liberal response of the senate to the call for
adequate defense.

The appropriations for preparedness as they
stand at present are as follows: Army, $313,
970,447.10; Navy, $315,826,843.55; Fortifica-
tions, $25,748,050; Military academy, $2,238,
328.57; Army and Navy deficiency, $27,559
348.05; making a total of $685,343,017.27 in
all.

The army bill, as it passed the senate, ex-
ceeds the appropriations made by the house
by more than $131,000,000. In the final hour
of debate on the measure the senate agreed to
an appropriation of $2,000,000 for the 1elief of
dependent families of National Guardsmen and
regular army soldiers in service in the Mexican
campaign. Ways for the distribution of the
fund is left to the discretion of the secretary of
war, but in no case is any dependent family
to receive more than $50 per month, which
would seem sufficient to meet the needs of pre-
sent conditions.

CATHOLIC SERVICES AT
THE E. S. P. CHAPEL

Catholic mass was celebrated at the E. S. P.
Chapel on Sunday last by the Rev. Father
Michael A. O’Kane, S. J., and the serivice
was well attended by the inmates numbers of
the church.

In spite of the withering heat cof the day, the
altar was profusely decorated with a fine
array of beautiful flowers, which added to the
splendor of the service.

The music of the mass was cleverly executed
by the choir and orchestra, and their hormoni-
ous unity occasioned considerable praise from
the visitors present.

FINE SONG SERVICE BY
E. S. P. CHOIR AND ORCHESTRA
On Sunday afternoon last, the E. S. P.
orchestra and choir gave a fine Song Service of
sacred and classical music on the center, under
the ab'e leadership of Professor A. F. Weigandt,
(Continued on fourth page.)

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games
Ninth 9—Cubs 0

By playing superior baseball in every depart-
ment, the Ninth scored a 9—0 victory over
the Cubs. v'

Jacoby was accorded excellent
He struck out 5, and walked 1.

Albie started for the Cubs, but gave way to
Charlie in the fourth frame.

Jacoby and Petrilli proved to be the men of
strength in the Ninths offensive.

support.

R.HGE:
Cibsdaie v s 0 0:0:070.00-00-—0FoER
Ninth_« 25 20 150331050 0:050-—9 SISt

Home run—Jacoby.
Doubles—Petrilli 2, Jacoby and Chick.
Umpires—Hoagland and Marty

Printers 2—Shed 1

The Printers, came out victorious in a -game .
that was a pitchers battle between Slats for the
Printers, and Stony, for the Shed.

Both pitchers showed good form; but costly
errors in the field was responsible for the scor-
ing on both sides. The final score ending 2 to
1. Slatson the mound for the Printers, allow-
ed 3 hits, walked 1 and struck out 7.

Stony for the Shed also allowed only 3 hits,
walked 2 and struck out 4. '

Score by innings as follows:

R LIS
Printers=: == ¢ = T EOS 01 020 0F 0= S|
Shed L= et e 00010000—1 3 2

Doubles—Hagy, Sharwley, Hamilton, Davis.
Umpire—Andy.

Thursday’s Games
Cooks 7—Bakers 5

~

The Cooks won from the Bakers in a fast
game, marked by the fine pitching of ‘‘Big
Doc,’’ the final score being 7 to 5.

Doc allowed but 3 hits, fanned 12 and pass-
ed 3. Old Jim gave 8 hits, fanned 9 and walk-
ed 4.

Buck’s fine catch, and the batting of Lucky,
featured the game.

Umpire—]Jordan
Friday’s Games
i Printers 6 —Shed 1

In a very intesting game the Printers de-
feated the Shed by a score of 6—1.

Mack, for the Printers, was in fine form,
fanning 14 of the Shed batsman, and did not
offer a base on balls.

Banks was hammered hard for 10 hits, while

(Continued on fourth page)
