---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_126.jpg
---
Do

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia-
every Wednesday-
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers’

for these columns is
Rejected

Mss.—Original matter, suitable
acceptable, and wijll be published as needed.
articles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer, who
will see to its delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’'s number,

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia August 2, 1916

PrisoN PorurLaTioN—Males 1399. Females
24, Total 1423 Last serial number B 8318

A TRAITOROUS ORGAN

Perhaps no greater misfortune could happen
to the inmates of a penal institution support-
ing a publication, than to have the control of
its organ fall into the hands of a mere puppet,
ever ready to kowtow to corrupt and unscrupu-
lous officials. Not only "does it retard local im-
provement where conditions are bad, but it is
a serious misrepresentation of the entire prison
press as well.

We are pleased to note that the editor of Qur
View Point has express his views on the sub-
ject in the following article which we repeat for
the benefit of our readers:

One marked difficulty which prison investi-
gating committees encounter in arriving at an
accurate knowledge of conditions in the insti-
tutions they visit it is the unwillingness of in-
mates to testify, or the difficulty of eliciting the
truth from those who do testify. The reason
for this is apparent. In spite of assurance of
proctection in case of revelations unfavorable
to the prison administrations, the inmates cor-
rectly reason that it is beyond the power of any
visiting body to insure them against official
vengeance in case of incriminating revelations;
for under the inclusive absolutism of institu-
tional rules, they can be brought to book at
any time on almost any charge. Feware found
who are self-sacrificing enough, or brave enough,
to embrace martyrdom for what seems to
them but problematical, or at best temporary,
relief. And if they did assume such martyrdom,
their testimony would be certain to be con-
travened by that of the large and ever-present
body of sycophants, who welcome any oppor-
tunity to curry official favor at the expense of
their fellows.

In another state the officials are are finding
it difficult to carry on a reactionary policy in
the face of vigorous protest from outside in-
fluences and a noless vigorous internal opposi-
tion from those who had experienced the bene-
ficient treatment of a former administration.
Their hand is materially strengthened, how-
ever, by the fawning support of the prison
paper, falsely claiming to be the organ of the in-
mates of the institution. It is discouraging and

THE UMPIRE

stultifying to those on the outside who stand
ready to correct glaring injustices, to be met
with the statement, coming apparently from the
inmates themselves, that they are in no need
of assistance, and that the cries of injustice and
cruelty come from only a small but pernicious
body of agitators.

As we have had frequent occasion to mention,
the wutterances of a prison publication
claiming to represent the voice of the inmates
and emanating from one of their number, carry
considerable weight with outside readers. For
this reason, false or distorted statements of
fact cannot fail to retard the cause of prison
reform and to still furthur intrench a reaction-
ary administration in its eighteenth century
methods. This isa matter which indirectly
effects the welfare of every penal institution in
the country.

WISE IN HIS OWN CONCEIT

Someone has said that if the fellow who
uses his cleverness in making excuses for his
misdeeds would only whittle out an accasional
good result, we could forgive him on the law of
averages. Unfortunately he fails to do so, and
continues to be as the lobster, only the lobster
remains silent, while he is all mouth.

Having ‘‘done’’ others the poor deluded mis-
anthrope wonders why the world is done with
him, and continues to look about for the faults
of others, remaining blind to his own. He
coddles his own temper, overlooks his own evil
habits, but will not for a minute think of for-
giving the faults of one of his associates. This
individual is always ready to tell you how
things should be done, yet never really doing
anything himself worthy of notice, and is aIS-
parently dissatisfied, disgruntled and discour-
aged with everything, excepting his own pre-
cious ego. Really a veryclever man in his
own estimation.

If you attempt to offer a few suggestions
that you think might be helpful in aiding him
to see things in a more favorable light, he
quickly informs you that he is not to be ‘‘kid-
ded,’’ is wise and knows a thing or two about
most things in general. Truly, an unfortunate
state of mind to contend with in another, be-
cause it is not normal, lacks poise and is ' sadly
in need of adjustment.

Such a person is to be pitied rather than
flounted or scorned, and it would seem as
though some means might be invoked that
would enable him to “see himself as others see
him.”’

Commenting on the conditions which are to
be found in many of the penal institutions
throughout the country the—Moniter says:—

““Keeping men in idleness in prison, as a
means of doing justice, protecting property and
accomplishing the other things aimed at under
the name of correction, is, rather giadually,
being found not only costly to the public, but
to place penalties upon the wrong persons.
Studies need not advance far to reveal that it
is actually the family, rather than the incar-
cerated man, that is sentenced. An inquiry,
by the Chicago Juvenile Protective Association,

RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel ¢n
the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

as to the experience of families of men sent to
a house of correction, shows that in nearly
every instance the wife and the children are
compelled to do unaccustomed work, or are
aided by charity. In only three out of fifty
cases did they possess property sufﬁcient for
support. At least a share of his earnings at
some useful trade is plainly enough the due of
the prisoner and his dependents, but that phase
of both economic and personal justice is scan-
tily recognized in the present systems.

BROTHERHOOD
Philip Henry Dodge

Men built on science, letters, art,
Expanded realms, extended mart.
Did they forget? Of straw and wood
We build, forgetting brotherhood.

Life’s issues now are wider grown,
Nor man nor nation stands alone;
And those who work for lasting good
Include the thought of brotherhood.

Then build with science, letters,art:
Shall we forget? The stronger part
Is power that cannot be withstood;
It is the strength of brotherhood.

A NEW PUBLICATION

‘We have at hand the announcement number
of the Messenger of the Unfortunate, a publi-
cation somewhat similar in character to our es-
teemed contemporary, The Survey, which bears
every evidence of filling a long felt need. As
is well known to the reading public, it is a most
difficult matter to lay barec the actual condi-
tions existing today in many of the jails, houses
of correction, asylums and penitentiaries thru-
out the country, and the need of a sincere or-
gan to expose disgraceful and barbarous condi-
tions is very evident, :

If Editor Speckert is able to accomplish the
much desired reforms through the medium of
the Messenger of the Unfortunate, we do not
hesitate to say that the friends and relatives of
suffering humanity will owe him a debt of grat-
itude that may not easily be expressed in words.

We gladly extend our best wishes for the un-
reserved success of the Messenger.

Prison papers failing to exchange with The
Umpire, will be discontinued on our mailing
lisc. ;
