---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_127.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

It is learned that plans have been drawn up
for a model sixteen-story apartment house soon
to be erected in New York city, in which elec-
tricity will be used in every possible way,
including cooking and refrigeration.

&5

A local correspondent of York, Pa., states
that Raymond Becker, the 4 year old son of
Mr. Edward Becker, of Spring Grove, can dive
and swim like a veteran, having recently ac-
complished the feat of diving fifty feet from
the top of a tree into eight feet of water, and
swimming to a point over a mile away and re-
turn, accomyanied by his father.,

SR

Warden Frances of the Western Penitentiary,
is evidently well pleased with the work done
on the new buildings at Bellefonte, Center Co.,
by prison labor, as he says that ‘‘the work is
going along as smoothly as is usual in the ave-
rage corporation plants.”” That should occa-
sion no ‘surprise, as it is well known to those
who are familiar with prison conditions, that
there are many men in detention capable of
the best work, when properly treated and under
right management. '

2*

The prison authorities at Jackson, Mich.,
have established a complete, uptodate canning
factory at the State Prison, located at that
place. The state farm of over 2,500 acres is
said to be under full cultivation and thus far
this season has produced the very best garden
truck for use at the cannery. With the use of
the best modern farm impliments and system-

atic work under competent instructors from the

Bureau of Agriculture, it is expected that a
substancial profit will be netted by the end of
the season.

o

It is reported that thereis a dry-cleaning
establishment in Cincinnati, O, that gives its
employes music at frequent intervals, with the
object of speeding up the workers. There are
some 300 workers in the plant, and the firm
has installed a sufficient number of phonographs
to provide music for thera all. The girls in
the pressing room are said to swing their irons
over the work to the tune of popular marches
and songs, and that much of the monotony of
the work is eliminated by the music. The
manager of the plant states that this novel
idea in industrial efficiency originated in South
America.

S

New Hampshire and Vermont are engaged in
litigation in the United States Courts to deter-
mine the exact location of the boundary be-
tween the states. In 1764, by decree of the
English king, the western boundary of New
Hampshire was designated as the west bank of
the Connecticut River, and this boundary was
recognized by Vermont. In late years indu-
strial establishments have been erected on made
land adjoining the former west bank of the
river, and the present proceeding is the result
of the attempts of both states to levy taxes on
this newly created property.

CHEERING SOMEONE ON

Don’t you mind about the triumphs,
Don’t you worry after fame

Don’t you grieve about succeeding,
Let the future guard your name.

All the best in life’s the simplest,
Love will last when wealth is gone;
Just be glad that you are living,
And keep cheering someone on.

Let your neighbors have the blossoms,
Let your comrades wear the crown;
Never mind the little set-backs

Nor the blows that knock you down.
You'll be there when they re forgotten,
You’ll be glad with youth and dawn,
If you just forget your troubles

And keep cheering scmeone on.

There’s a lot sorrow round you,

Lot of lonesomeness and tears;

Lots of heartache and of worry

Through the shadows of the years.

And the world needs more than triumphs;
More than all the swords we’ve drawn,
It is hungering for the fellow

Who keeps cheering others on.

l.et the wind around you whistle,
And the storms around you play;
You’ll be here with brawn and gristl&
When the conquerors decay.
You’ll be here in memories sweetened
In the souls you've saved from pawn
If you put aside the victories
And keep cheering someone on.
Author Unknown.

STANDARDS

A Standards isa rule of conduct which we
lay down as a permanent guide. Every stand-
ard differs from every other standard. Some-
times the difference is very narrow; sometimes
it is very wide. Germany has a standard.
England has a standard. America has a stand-
ard. Your next door neighbor has a standard.
You have a standard. The difference between
them is often the difference between peace and
war.

In More Money* we recognize a unique publi-
cation that is pleasant to receive, and which
causes the heart to throb with a feeling of joy
akin to the little boy who has found a new toy
to amuse his moments in passing. Truly,
Chauncy, you’ve passed the green over to us
in a very taking manner, though it doesn’t bear
the government stamp as yet. Perhaps that
may follow later. At any rate we hope so, for
to judge from your facetious verbosity, you
are the right sort and ought to grow,—to grow
in the good will of your contemporaries and

brother worms. Edator.
*Edited by Chauncey M’ Govern and printed on green
paper.

You cannot obtain happiness from wealth
without health, nor from health without work,
nor wealth without work. Start at the founda-
tion which is work, and see how much better
you will feel as you acquire wealth.

BORROWED MIRTH

You can never tell. Just because a man turns
red when you call him a lobster, it doesn't
prove anything.

o

Timid Traveller—‘‘Are youarmed, captain?’’
Captain of Belligerent Ship—*‘Yes, five Am-
erican citizens.’’

g

— “‘Goodness gracious me! What on earth
are you doing, children—using up all the fine
stationery?”’

‘“Playing Count Bernsstorff and Secretary
Lansing.”’

o .
“First Lady—‘‘That’s one of them Austra-
lian soldiers.”’ : :
Second Lady—‘‘How do you know?’’
First Lady—"‘Why can’t you see the kan-
garoo feathers in his hat?’’

g

First Pickpocket—If you knowed he only
had a nickel, it was hardly worth while pinch-
ing it.

Second Pickpocket—Oh!I tuk it on principle.

H

““What is an amateur?’’ Isstillone of the
raging queries of the hour. But, in spite of all
the recent discussion, we haven’t changed the
answer we evolved four years ago, viz., '‘Any
one who can get away with it.”’

&

George, the four-year old grandson of an ex-
teremely pious and devout grandfather, came
rushing into the house wildly excited.

““Grandpa!’’ he called, Mr. Barton’s cow is
dead. God called her home.”’

8

First Prisoner—De unions object to us doing
any kind of work dat competes wit “honest
labor.”’

Second Prisoner— May be dey’n be willin
to let us spend our time making buglars tools.

&

“‘I want a pair of earings, cheap but purty.
They be for a present.’’

‘“Yes sir,”” said the jeweler. ‘‘You want
something rather quiet, I suppose?’’

“Well, don’t ’ee go for to making them too
quiet, now,’’ replied the farmer. :
““My girlis deaf in one ear.”’
S
First Reporter—“Senator Bullyun

must
nave been a bright baby.”’ '
Second Reporter—"“Why do you think so?”’
First Reporter—He told me in a interview
that he began life as a school-teacher.’’

S

‘““Pa, inquired a seven-year-old seeker after
the truth, “is it true that school-teachers get
paid?”’

Certainly it is, replied the father.

“Well, then, said <he youth indignantly,
“that ain’t right. Why should the teachers
get paid when us kids do all the work?’’
