---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_128.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE

Wit L. “Pct. Wi sPet:
Printers 31 16 659 Cubs 27 200 575
Ninth SOWIR 625 Shed 71146
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
Wl SsPet, WL Pet:
Brooklyn 54 34 614 Chicago 44 49 473
Boston 48 36 571 Pittsburg 39 49 443
Phila. 49 38 563 St. Louis 43 54 443
New York 45 43 511 | Cinn, 38 57 400
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDINC
W LSS Pct. WD SePet:
Boston 54 40 574 Detroit 52 477 525
Chicago 55 42 567 Washington 49 45 521
New York 53 43 552 St. Louis 48 49 435
Clev’land 51 44 537 Athletics 1971211
(Continued from st page)
he struck out 6 and walked 1.
Smithy’s batting featured the game.

Score by innings as follows:
R. H. E.
Sheqaemia 2 = ) 0E0N0- 1507080507013 "0
Rrinters- " % 020110020—6 10 O

Doubles—Smithy 2 and Spitz.
Umpire—Marty.
Ninth—6 Cubs

The Cubs and Ninth fought a hard battle
during the first 6 innings, at which time the
score was tied several times, but the Ninth had
a batting rally in the ‘‘lucky seventh,’”’ and
scored 3 runs, which clinched the game.

Boyd, on the mound for the Cubs, was
touched for 12 hits, walked 1 and struck out 6.

Charley, for the Ninth, allowed 7 hits, walk-
ed 1 and struck out 2.

Score by innings as follows:

R.H. E.
ENBREREE el QRLEO RS0 250681 2880
s N o 05071 51 072500=—4 570

Doubles—Lucky, Jacoby, Charley, Chick and
Boyd.
Umpire—Marty.

Saturday’s Games
Cooks —9 Bakers 3.

The Cooks, again put it over on the Bakers,
last Saturday, by score of 9 — 3,
Banks did the twriling for the Cooks, while
Fred, a new recruit, preformed for the Bakers.
Dick’s, home run was the only event worthy
of note.
Umpire—Marty.
Monday’s Games
Printers 9—Shed 0
After scoring 1 run apiece, the game between
the Shed and Printers came to a close in the
5th inning. The Shed refused to play after
Banks and Davis were put out of the game
for protesting a decison of the umpire. The
Umpire then awarded the gan.e to the Printers
by the score of 9—0.

LOST—Umpire’s Indicator.
Finder please return to B-7601—7-G.

Ninth 5—Cubs 4

Weakening in the sixth, the Cubs tossed off
a heart-breaking game to the Ninth block team
by a score of 5 to 4.

A triple by Williamsport, and a nice sacrifice
by Charlie, scored the winning tally in the
sixth stanza.

Jacoby allowed 6 hits, fanned 5 and passed 2.

Boyd gave 8 hits, fanned 4 and walked 2

Mooney’s batting and the brilliant fielding
of Barney in the outer garden featured.

Score by innings as follows:

R H.E
Ninth, 2= -t s 0.0:070 054 "150—53 880
Cubs. 20035 St 201001004 60

Home-run—Mooney.
Triple—Williamsport.

Double—Mooney. Umpire—Marty .

Batting Averages of Players Batting .300 and
Over, Including Games of July 28.

No. Name AtbaR it s Pct:
B 7664 Jake 145 61 421.
B 6353 Jore 122 51 408.
B 7685 Hagy 151 60 397.
B 7846 Jack 152 52 342.
B7471 Chick 162 54 333
B 6654 Spookie 154 49 312.
B 8219 Baum. 122 38 311.
Bi7759" s N ucky 143 44 308.
B 747¢ Barney 118 36 305.
B 7826 Banks 92 28 304.
B 6960 Bill - 80 24 300.
Includes game of July 28th.
—Sec. B 6286

HEAT AND HUMIDITY BREAK
RECORD OF YEARS

Heat and humidity held the fort on Monday.
People sweltered, and in looking up the the-
mometer, found it to registered the hottest day
inthe year.

Nearly all the cities in the country were ef-
fected by the heat wave and high humidlty,
andNew York reports all records broken

Washington, sent along a long torrid story in
which old General Humidity led his destructive
host across the land. The national weather
sharps have a misleading name for it. Ber-
muda high, they term it, leaving off the ball
which to some stubborn souls still carries a
draft of refreshing coolness with it.

(Continljed from 1st page.)

which was much appreciated by the inmates.
The program was well selected and elicited
much praise from the visitors present by the
manner of its rendition. A feature of its
numbers was a bartone solo by B 7962, which
was sung in good voice.

In the absence of Chaplain Joseph Welch,
who is away on vacation, Warden R. ]J.
McKenty, made a few well chosen remarks to
the men, which was listened to with rapt
tention by those assembled.

It is reported that two railroad presidents
have been placed under arrest as a result of
the disaster at Black Toms Island, in New
York bay. L

- lawn, and which was enjoyed by all.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

We feel that the 1st Section enjoyed them-
selves throughout their afternoon of recreation
and pleasure. Evidence of good will and
friendly feeling shown everywhere and smiling
faces were noticed among the many having the
opportunity to take advantage of the half holi-
day. The day was an ideal one and no one
could have looked for better; it was not a scor-
cher by any means, but one that could be en-
joyed by all. The parade was the feature and
to those in line we wish to say, you are doing
fine. There are only one or two stragglers, to
tired to stand, walk or sit down, but those few we
will be eliminated from the line and leave them
in and give them time to rest up and then when
they are given the opportunity, we feel they
will be able to take part and enjoy the exercise
and pleasures obtained on Saturday afternoon.
The music was fine, and every one enjoyed
parading, there were two bands and more mu-
sic, which puts more life into every one. The
band, under their able leader, Prof. Wiegandet,
rendered a very fine program on the 6th blcck
During
the intermission in the concert, several of the
club members endeavored to entertain the boys,
which they accomplished with credit to them-
selves and enjoyment to all. Among the boys
taking part was the Guitar King, B 8086, with
several selections; Peggie, B 7725, with his
Choo-Choo and also a song. Peg’s engine was
disabled and it was necessary to put her in the
shop. B 7545 gave two recitations; one en-
titled, Riley’s One-Eyed Goat, and the other
was the Dying Prayer. B 7294 had his little
‘man along and they had quite a time between
them. It seems he was lead astray as someone
told him he had lost his privilege of being an
H. F. C. man, but after he once got a glance
at the crowd, you can bet he sat up and took
notice as there were a number of his pals in the
crowd. Taking this small entertainment as a
whole, it was quite a success, so many thanks
to those favoring us. It does not require a
man of means to show kindness; all that is nec-
essary is a fraction of power, also to be perse-
vering for a set purpose, and to accomplish the
purpose is success. You may lose patience,
but take in the cause and study and you’ll find
that whatever it may be, it is not worthy. Use
your wisdom and good sense as patience is a
virtue known to many and practiced by few.
This Saturday, August 5, the 2nd Section will
be out as follows: 3 B, 4B, 5B, 5G, 7B, 7G
and 9 B. B 7189—Rep Del.

H. F. C.—4 Blocks 1.

The H. F. C. took Saturday’s game as usual,
winning from the Blocks by the score of 4to 1.

Spooky for the Honor Club, was touched for
5 hits, walked 2 and struck out 3.

Moony for the Blocks, allowed 6 hits, walked
5, and struck out 6.

There was only three extra base hits during
the game; these were doubles by Moeny,
Spooky and Silly.

Umplre— Jacoby.
