---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_129.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

VOL. V

ST. RITA’S CHURCH CHOIR
GIVES A FINE ENTERTAIN-
MENT OF SACRED MUSIC

‘A grand entertainment of sacred music’’
was given at this institution on Sunday last, by
St. Rita’s Church Choir and soloists, assisted
by the Catholic inmate choir and orchestra

under the skillful direction of Prof. James J..

Welsh.

Despite the high humidity and excessive heat
of the day the visiting talent gave an excep-
tionally fine rendition of a well selected pro-
gram of some thirteen numbers, the opening
selection being Mozarts’ ‘‘Twelfth Mass, Glor-
ia,”” which was sung by the full chorus in good
volumn and tunefulness. This was followed by
Mr. John Simpson, tenor soloist, singing Hol-
den’s ‘‘O Salutarius,’’ in fine voice.

A trio composed of Mrs. Katharine Slack,
Mr. John Simpson and Mr. James King, elic-
ited heart applause by singing Verdi’s delightful
““Jesu Dei Vivi,”’ in a fine blending of voices
that was charming in tone and melody. The
sixth number, a soprano solo by Miss Margaret
Marie Marshall, ‘‘O Salutarius Hostia,”’ by
Verdi, was rendered in a taking manner
marked by fine evenness of tone and clear ar-
ticulation. Mr. James King, baritone soloist,
sang Karst’s ‘‘Salve Mondi Domini,"” in a rich
mellow voice of fine tonal quality.

Rossini's “‘Inflamatus,’”’ was splendidly sung
by Miss C. Agnes Melia—soprano soloist of St.
Stephen’s—and chorus, the soprano part call-
ing for an extended range of voice which was
covered by Miss Melia with an easy excellence
that marks the true aitist of song, and a wealth
of rich, appealing resonance that so delights
the lovers of fine music. ‘‘Laudamus te,’’ by
Begioli, was sung by Mrs. K. Slack with fine
expression and good control of voice. The
Quartette composed of Mrs. Slack, Miss Mar-
shall and Mes.rs. Simpson and King, cleverly
rendered Marzo’s ‘‘Salva Maria,”’ in an even
blending of voices that moved the assemblage
to applause. The final number of the program
was Berge’s ‘““Tantum Ergo,”” sung by the
chorus, Mrs. Slack singing the soprano part
with pleasing effect.

Taken as a whole the entertainment was
‘highly satisfactory in its entirety and thanks
are due the American Society for Visiting Cath-
olic Prisoners, under whose auspices the song
service was given, for their sincere interest in
promoting the welfare and entertainment of
the prisoners.

Chaplain Joseph Welch, who has just return-
ed from a short vacation, was present and ex-
pressed his thanks to the talent and members
of the prison society for their part in making
the afternoon of song a delightful success.

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, August 9, 1916

TREATY SIGNED FOR SALE
OF DANISH WEST INDIES

Indications are That the American Con-
gress and Danish Rigsdag Will
Ratify Agreement

From a New York reportis understood that
Secretary of State Lansing, for the United
States, and Constaniine Brun, Minister from
Denmark, signed the treaty which conveys the
Danish West Indies to the United States for
the sum of $25,000,QOO. The signing of the
treaty took place in Mr. Lansing’s suite in the
Biltmore. The treaty'wassigned in duplicate
and the act took just three minutes, including
time to affix the seal of the State Department.

Secretary Lansing came to N. Y. from his
at home Watertown, N. Y., on purposeto sign
the treaty, and Minister Brun came down from
Bar Harbor, Me., where he is spending the
summer. The signing of the treaty means
that the United States will own the islands as
soon as the action of the two countries is rati-
fied by the Senate in this country and by the
Danish Parliament. When this is done the
formal possession of the islands will pass to
this country.

There was no ceremony and few formalities.
The only other person present was L. H.
Wooley, assistant solicitor of the State Depart-
ment, who brought the ‘decuments here. Ar-
rangements for the meeting had been quietly
made sometime ago. Secretary Lansing said
that no ceremonies were necessary and the
Danish Minister was In the same mind. As
soon as the signatures were attached and the
seal affixed both officials left New York.

MUNITIONS INQUIRY ASKED FOR

From a Washington report it is learned that

Representative William A. Rodenberg, of IlI-
inois, Republican, who lately insinuated in the
House that the State Department had per-
mitted the shipment of munitions of war into
Mexico in April as a result of a visit to the de-
partment by Cleveland H. Dodge, of New
York, offered a resolution for an investigation
by Congress of all ammunition shipments into
Mexico since the Taft administration.
" The resolution calls particularly for inform-
ation as to whether any contributor to the
Democratic campaign fund has shipped am-
munition to the Mexicans.

l.ate New York reports indicate that the ex-
tensive street railway strike in that city has
been settled through the efforts of Mayor
Mitchel and Oscar Strauss, who labored for 24
hours to effect are adjustment.

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 31
BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games
Printers—2 Cubs—3.

In a hotly contested game, the Cubs, won
from the Printers, by the score of 3—2.

Mac., on the mound for the Printes, pitched
a good game, but several errors and a wild
throw to 2nd base, put him at disadvantage,
and gave the Cubs the lead.

Mac. allowed 5 hits, walked 2 and struck
out 6.

Albie, was touched up for 7 hits, five of these
being doubles, and had 3 strike outs.

Score by innings as follow:

; R

Printers el i 0100010 00—2
02100000 0—3

Doubles—Stump, Slats, Fingers, Hagy, Jack
and Mooney.

Umpires—Marty and Happy.

HES
71
5 0

Wednesday’s Games
Printers—1 Ninth4.

Timely hitting coupled with good fielding
gave the Ninth a victory over the Printers, by
the score of 4—1.

The Printers, lone tallyw as scored by Smith,
in the 5th inning, when he connected with one
of Spooky’s shoots for a circuit drive.

Spooky, on the mound for the Ninth, allowed
only two hits, but was wild at times and walked
5 men, and struck out 8.

Hagy, for the Printers, allowed 7 hits, walked
3, and struck out 7.

Score by innings as follow:

R.H.E.
Printers.___.___000010000-1 2 0
Ninth_ .20 01 0.0°0,0.3.0 0.0—4 w8

:Doubles——Jacoby and Chick.
Home run—Smith.
Umpire—Fred and Happy.

Cubs 4—Shed 3

The Cubs won a losely played game from the
Shed team, the final score being 4—3.

Boyd was on the slab for the Cubs, fanning
6, and walking 1.

Stony, a new recruit, who had a tryout with
the Shed, looks good, and with support to back
him, should make good.

- He fanned 13 men, and passed 4.

Jack Taylor’s fielding was the Cubs best

showing in this department.
Score by innings as follows:

‘R.
Cubs = mte v S0R2 0805 0B 05 2= 0R0=""1"
Shedreiae ST OR1S0S] RIS 02 0R0EO=3

Doubles—Morgan, Jordan.

Umpire—Marty.

(Continued on fourth page.)

E

H.
4 0
6 0
