---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_130.jpg
---
V)

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia-
every Wednesday-

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable
acceptable, and will be published as
articles will not be returned.

for these columns is
needed. Rejected

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer, who
will see to its delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number,

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia August 9, 1916

PrisoN PopruLATION—Males 1396. Females
24, Total 1420 Last serial number B 8318

NEEDED REFORMS ADVOCATED

At a meeting of the Commercial Law League
in another city recently, Samuel Untermeyer,
who is reputed to be one of the foremost legal
lights of the country, gave a very able address
before that body, advocating decided reforms
in the way criminal laws are administered. He
asserted that reforms were merely indicative of
what must be accomplished if the lawyer is to
fulfil his duty as a citizen in doing away with
obsolete and intolerable conditions prevalent.

As a first step in reforming the criminal law,
Mr. Untermeyer said the Grand Jury system
ought to be abolished. Declaring it should no
longer be possible in these days to brand a fel-
low-being by an indictment resulting from a
star chamber proceeding, in which only one side
has an opportunity of being heard; he averred

that every criminal prosecution ought to be in-

augurated by a complaint supported in open
court by sufficient proof to make out a clear
case.

He would not permit the defendant to waive
examination; either side should be able to ap-
peal from a decision that there is or is not suf-
ficient evidence to warrant a trial, and the an-
cient rule that the defendant cannot be com-
pelled to incriminate himself should be abolish-
ed. For governing corporations, Mr. Unter-
meyer advised the enactment of a Nationa]
Corporation Law, under which Congress would
prescribe such uniform conditions as would se-
cure ‘‘civilized corporate administration.’”’ He
advocated supervision of stock exchanges by
the Federal Government, declaring tha. if the
New York Stock Exchange, for example, was
subject to supervision, as are banks, trust com-
panies, insurance companies and others having
recognized quasi-public functions and responsi-
bilities, ‘‘the swindles that are constantly being
perpetrated through its agency and without re-
dress or fear of detection, would be impossible.”’

The speaker also urged that the present Sy s-
tem of electing corporation directors be abol-
ished, and that under the new system stock-
holders be advised of nominations made by
boards of directors, that proxy voting be abol.
ished and that stockholders be permitted to

THE UMPIRE

vote by mail as well as in person.

Incidently Socialism was characterized as ‘‘a
beautiful iridescent dream of the idealist,”’ but
of little value as an effective protest against ex-
isting injustice.
pernicious capitalistic system, he said it could
continue only if the great body of wage earners
get ‘“‘a greater measure of protection and a
Jairer distribution of the industrial wealth to
which the masses contribute by far the greater
proportion.”’

Coming from such reliable authority, it is
safe to assume that the next few years will be
marked by the abolition of many antiquated
and obsolete laws, and the enactment of much
needed statutes that will make justice an ac-
tuality and not a mere farce as it would seem
to be at present.

JAMES WHITCOMB RILEY

More than a passing tribute of regard is due
the late James Whitcomb Riley, for the many
fine personal traits of character that made him
so loved by his contemporaries. Above all
other qualities may be mentioned his intense
humanitarianism— his unvarying love for his
brother mortals. His kindliness of character
was always noted by those who were privileged
to share in his friendship, and it has been said
of him on many occasions that in his conver-
sation, no less than in his writings, he always
had a good word for everybody. If he made a
mental reservation of the faults of another,
they were never expressed, nor could he be in-
duced into criticism, even of those who had
misused his confidence; which throws a strong
side-light upon the fineness of his mental equi-
poise. Fortunate indeed, was the man or
woman who could call him friend and share in
the sunshine of his presence.

The poems of James Whitcomb Riley will al-
ways please those who like the gentle flow of
heart-made, zi'bpealing verse, that one seldom
forgets after reading. It is a positive pleasure
to recall to mind such selections as, ‘‘An Old
Sweetheart of Mine,”” ‘‘There Little Gi1l, Don 't
Cry,”” ““When She Comes Home,”” ‘‘Little Or-
phan Annie,”” and ““The Old Man and Jim;”’
for they grip the heart in a way that leaves a
lasting impression of affection and tenderness
that is most appealing to the finer senses.

And so there has passed away from us one
wholived as he wrote, and having written his
name on the hearts of his fellow men, he leaves
behind a memory of excellent characteristics
that has endeared him to all; and if we remem-
ber his poem, ‘‘Let Something Good Be Said,”’
we can think of him as saying— .t

When over the fair fame of friend or foe -
The shadow of disgrace shall fall, instead
Of words of blame, or proof of thus and so,
Let something good be saad.
Forget not that no fellow being yet
May fall so low but love may lift his head;
Even the cheek of shame with tears is wet,
If something good be said.

To but few in any walk of life, has it been
the lot to be as greatly beloved.

Keenly alive to the present.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES.
————

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel cn
the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

THE TOWN OF DON'T-YOU-WORRY
By Irving J. Bartlett

There’s a town called Don’t You Worry,
On the banks of River Smile,

Where the cheer-up and Be-Happy
Blossom sweetly all the while,

Where the Never-Grumble flower
Blooms besides the fragrant Try,

And the Ne’re Give-Up and Patience
Point their faces to the sky.

In the valley of Contentment,
In the province of I Will,

You will find this lovely city,

At tne foot of No-Fret hill.

There are throughfares delightful
In this very charming town,

And on every hand are shade trees
Named the Very-Seldom-Frown.

Rustic benches, quite enticing,

You'll find scattered here and there;
And to each a vine is clinging

Called the Frequent-Earnest,-Prayer,
Everybody there is happy,

And is singing all the while,
In the town of Dont-You-Worry,

On the banks of River-Smile.

A WORTHY PUBLICATION

One need not extol the merits of a good word,
act or deed, for they speak for themselves; and
so it is with a good book or an uplifting publi-
cation, no matter whether we quite agree with
all the author or publisher may have to say or
not, the fact that the ‘object sought is of a

igher plane than the purely materialistic and
worldly, is certainly worthy of the highest com-
mendation and approbation. Of such we be-
lieve The New Way, published at Point Loma,
Cal., by Katharine Tingley, to be.

As we look upon the happy, spiritual faces
of the children depicted on the front page of
the June number of that periodical, we are
impelled to express the thought that Mme.
Tingley has approached nearer the truly idea-
listic objective in her noble work, than have
most mortals on this earthly sphere, and for
that reason it affords us pleasure to extend our
sincere wish for the future success qf\"' The New
Way. : e

The highest -and most profitable lesson is
the true knowledge and lowly esteem of our-
selves.
