---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_131.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

__——_———__——__——___———“__————_—_—__—__;__—_

INTERESTING INFORMATION

Pensylvania lead all other states in the
country in the use of steam power. using 20 per
cent of all that is used in the entire U. S.

o

An unusual accident occured near New
castle, Pa., the other day, when a tire on a
front wheel of an automobile driven by James
K. Hess;, cashier of the Shenango works of the
American Sheet and Tinplate Co., blew out,
causing the car to overturn. His neck was
broken, and his skull fractured.

&

A report from Milwaukee, Wis., states that
Joe Hovlik and Cy Young, two veteran pitchers
of the Milwaukee American association club,
were given their unconditional release recent-
ly. The good showing made by recruits from
the Ohio State league resulted in the release of
the pitchers, according to the management.

Many people in this vacinity were mystified
a few nights ago by wierd heavenly lights last-
ing fifteen minutes, which gave rise to reports
of explosions throughout Pennsylvania and
New Jersey. The haze in the skies which ap-
peared to the north was due to atmospheric
conditions, according to the local weather
bureau. Excessive humidity, the forecaster
said, resulted in dense, low hanging clouds
which reflected the lights from below. News-
p2per offices were besieged with inquiries.

Professor Doolittle, of the Flower Observa-
tory, said there was no special significance in
the heavenly glow.

S

Judge Waddill, of the Federal District
Court, recently gave a decsion awarding the
British liner Appam, which was brought into
Hampton Roads, Va., last Feburary, by a
German prize crew, to her English owners,
the American Steam Navigation company.

An appeal will be taken when the opport-

nity is given next week and the final decision in
the libel proceedings probably will be given by
the Supreme court.

-What is to become of Lieuten ant Berg the
prize commander, and his crew of twenty-two
men, must be determined by the State Depart-
ment of Washington.

8

A special train enroute from Chicago to New
York, bearing F. D. Underwood, president of
the Erie railroad company, and A. L. Mohler,
president of the Union Pacific, had a narrow
escape from being wrecked near Shahola, Pa.,
the other night.

A heavy landslide which occurred near that
place was witnessed by the wife of a section
foreman named Maillette. Realizing the im-
minent danger which threatend the special,
she seized a red flag and made her way through
a thunder storm nearly a mile up thle track,
just as the fast train was approaching from

the west at fifty miles an hour. The engineer
stopped just in time to save the train.

The railroad officials commended Mrs.
Maillitte for her presence of mind.

A POOR UNFORTUNATE
By Frank L. Stanton

His hoss went dead and his mule went lame;
Hg lost six cows in a poker game;

A hurricane come on a summer’s day,

An’ carried the house whar he lived away;

Then an earthquake come when that was gone

An’swallered the lan’ that the house stood on !

An’ the tax collector, ke come roun’

An’ charged him up ter the holein the groun'!

An’ the city marshal—he come in view

An’ said he wanted his street-tax, too!

Did he moan an’ sigh? Did he set an’ cry

An cuss the hurricane sweeping’ by?

Did he grieve that his ol’ friends failed to call
When the earthquake came an’ swallered all?
Never a word o' blame he said,

With all them troubles on top his head!

Not him!... He clumb to the top o’ the hill-
Whar standin, rcom wuz left him still-
An’, barin’ its head, here’s what he said:
“I reckon it’s time to git up an’ git;

But, Lord, I hain’t had the meales yit!”’

REMORSE AND REPENTANCE

Let use never confuse remorse with repent-
ance. Remorse is born of fear and kills the will.
Repentance is alight with hope and courage
and resolution. Remorse disintegrates; repent-
ance builds. Remorse looks backwards into
shadows; repentance forwards into new life and
a new way. Seen through remorse the past
threatens and paralyses; seen in repentance it
teaches and guides. Let past mistakes have
their burial. What you did you connot change;
the man who did it you have already— in re-
pentance—willed to chance and begun to
change, and are regaining the right to your
self-respect.

Now see the changed quality of the future.
Suffering theremust be. No life is worth any-
thing without that. It will be no more than
necessary to show you how to complete in
yourself that change you would not know your

nature deeply enough to complete without it.*

As that is done, step by step, it passes; for
that was its purpose. Search intoit; trust it;
find its meaning; work with it. So will its
burden be light and its guidance very plain.
Behind all life is a profound compassion that is
nearest to him who suffers most. And this,
when its presence and touch are known, makes
all suffering welcome. —The New Way

According to a recent statement of Sir Eric
Swayne, Director of Recruiting, North of Eng-
land, Germany has still from nine to ten mill-
lion men between the ages of eighteen and forty-
five on which to draw for the army. He ad-
mits that large numbers of these are physically
unfit for service and large numbers of others
must be required as skilled munition workers;
but he believes Germany must still have many
millions of men who can be enlisted and train-
ed. In view of this fact,if fact it be, Sir Eric
Swayne affirms that Great Britian must enlist
3,000,000 more men by the Spring if the allies
are to make sure of success.

BORROWED MIRTH

Maud—Would you object ta a husband who
smoked in the house? :
Marie—Most decidedly.
quiet about it until I get one.

&

““I see Smith is building a garage.
did he get a car?”’

‘“‘He hasn’t got one yet, but he’s got an
option on ten gallons of gasoline.”'—

&

Mrs. Farmer—Why isit a big strong man
like you doesn’t get work?
Tramp—Why, it s dis

Dats all wot saves me!

&

““You are preventing the gentleman just be-
hind you from seeing the stage with your hat
on, madam,’’ said the usher at the theatre.

‘“‘Well, that’s my business,”” the woman
snapped back; ‘‘he’s my husband.’”’—

5

The young women present were discussing
their ages. And one of the girls said:

“I don’t know what it is about my appear-
ance, but everybody guesses me a lot younger
than I really am.”’ . :

And another of the girls answered, oh, so
sweetly:

‘“‘Oh, that’s after they heard you talk,
it, dear.”’’

But I shall keep

When

rabbit’s foot, Num!

7

isn’t

&

The fond husband was seeing his wife off
with the children for their vacation in the
country. As she got into the train, he said,
But, my dear, won’t you take some ficition to
read?’”’

“‘Oh, no!”’ she responded sweetly, ‘I shall
depend upon your letters from home.”’

F

The recent tropical weather had some hu-
morous phases. A lady up the State received
a postal from a friend in Virginia, which read:
‘‘Pauline has a little son. Doing well Hot
here, no name for it.’” The answering postal
read; ‘‘Congratulation! If ‘Hothere’ won’t
do, name him Paul, after his mother."”

&

A mother told her son she would punish him
if he ever asked for anything to eat while at a
neighbor’s house.

The next time he went out for'the afternoon,
he sat still a few minutes, then he said: :

““Now I must go. Do you know why I must
Well, I’m hungry, that’s why.”’

&

*‘Say, Jim,’’ said the friend of the taxicab
driver, standing infront of the vehicle, “there’s
a purse lying on the floor of the cab.

The driver looked carefully around andthen
whispered :

““‘Sometimes when buslness is bad [ put it
there and leave the door open. It’s empty,
but you’ve no idea how many people ’ll jump
in for a short drive when they see it.”’

go?
