---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_132.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

4 :
——:————_—_——\——_\\_ =

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE Monday’s Games
Score by innings as follows:
WSS Pt W. L. Pect- R. H. E.
Printers 33 18 647 | Cubs 30 20 600 Shed . » S8y 001010 0050 0—=1% 3::00
Ninth 31 20 608 Shed 7 43 140 Ninth ___________ 0 2 O 1 1 0 O 2 0_6 10 O

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pct. W. L. Pct
Brooklyn 59 35 628 Chicago 46 54 460
Boston 55 38 591 St. Louis 45 58 437
Phila. 54 40 574 Pittsburg 41 53 436
New York 49 45 521 Cinn. 39 95 375

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDINC

W. L. Pct. W. L. Pct.
Chicago 91 44 581 Detroit . 86 50 528
Boston 58 44 569 St. Louis 53 51 510
Clev’land 57 45 559 Washington 51 50 505
New York 55 47 539 Athletics 19 79 194

(Continued from st page)
Friday’s Games

Printers 3—Ninth 2

Pitchir'lg in airtight fashion Mack, the first
string Printer ‘twirler, held the Ninth to 5
scattered hits and won the game 3—2.

The Ninth threatened to score in the 6th, but
Mack retired the side in 1—2—3 order.

He fanned 9, and did not issue a free pass.

Jacoby, also twirled a good game, fanning 8,
and walking 2. 2

Fingers catch off the 6th block roof featured.

The game was marred by considerable kick-
ing on both sides,

Score by innings as follows:

R.H. E
intherenter, 02051 SI4050 208 0==2 85 &)
iinters— . .. 2010000 O==38858()

Doubles—Spitz, Spooky, Jacoby and Hagy.
Umpire—Marty,
Cubs 4—Shed 4

After taking the lead in the 1st inning it
looked to be an easy victory for the Shed; but
in the 7th inning the Cubs scored and tied the
score, which remained 4 to 4 unti] the end.

The Shed had the best of the argument in
all departments of the game.

Banks, on the mound for the Shed, allowed
7 hits, walked 1 and struck out 7. -

Albie, for the Cubs, allowed 7 hits, walked 3
and struck out 6.

Score by innings as follows:

R.H. E.

Colisaa s B i 051" 0°2°0°0°1.0—4 "7'g
S N W 70

Doubles—Hamilton, Stony and Taylor.

Umpire—Fred.

Saturday’s Games
Cooks 6-—Bakers 4 4

In a very interesting game, the Cooks, de-
feated the Bakers by a score of 6—4.

Blackie, on the slab for the Cooks, gave 7
hits, while he fanned 12, and pasged 2.

Fredy, did the honors for the Bakers, allow-
ing 7 hits, and fanning 7.

Jim led both teams at the bat.

Umpire-Marty.

Printers 3—Ninth 0
Fast fielding, coupled with Hagy’s pitching

. gave the Printers a 3 to 0 victory over the

Ninth,

Hagy kept the 4 hits off him well scattered,
which accounted for the Ninth's inability to
score. He struck out 9 and walked 1.

Charley, on the mound for the Ninth, allow-
ed only 5 hits, 3 of these being doubles. He
struck out 6 and walked 3.

Score by innings as follows:

R. H. E.
Printerste . i1 0 0350 050 g sy
Ningh 262 tail s0%0in0t0 000—0 4 0

Doubles—Spitts, Hagy, Mac and Lucky,
Umpire—Fred.
Cubs 8—Shed 1

Fast fielding behind Boyd, gave the Cubs,
a victory over the Shed, by the score of 8 —1.

The Cubs injected enough timely hits, with
the Shed misplays to easily win the game.

Boyd pitched a fine game, fanning 12, and
did not walk a man.

Stony was pounded for a total of 10 hits,
while he fanned 4, and passed 1.

Jack Taylor, the Cub second-sacker, carried
off the honors of the day.

R.H.E
Cubs i o= Tae 120122000-8 10 0
Shed- = 2 =0 I0ROE G40 01 010 0=1."3 =2

Umpire-Marty.

A L e
Batting Averages of Players Batting .300 and
Over, Including Games of Aug. 4.

No. Name A.b. Hits Pct.
B 7664 Jake 154 66 429,
B 7685 Hagy 160 62 388.
B 7846 Jack 161 54 332.
B 6353 Jore 135 52 385.
B7471 Chick 171 56 327
B 8199 Ham 38 12 316.
B 7476 Barney 124 38 306.
B 7759 Lucky 154 47 302.
B 6654 Spookie 164 50 302.
B 8219 Baum. 133 40 301.

B 6286 Secretary

DEUTSCHLAND REPORTED
NEARING HOME PORT

It is reported by wireless that the Deutsch-
land is hitting it up for her home port and that
she’s nearly there. When last seen on the
night of August 8 she was speeding straight
ahead. She merely disappeared and dived
beneath the ships of the Alljes, Because of
her dirty green and white streaked hull she
resembled an ordinary wave.

Watching the U-bout from the ships deck for
several hours—that is, we watched her through
marine glasses, but she seemed suddenly to

evaporate. Her green paint worked won_
ders.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Owing to the absence of the Pres. Mr. Ruben
C. McKenty who is away on his vacation,
the H. ¥, C. members of the Second Section
did not receive their half haliday on Saturday
Aug. 5th. - There was much disappointment
felt by many, who realized and know what it
means to receive this pleasure and who look
forward for their turn to enjoy the same, but,
misfortune will happen and at times it is un-
voidable, such as this occasion. The Officers,
were willing to accommodate the men, but, the
Officials thought otherwise, therefore, not be-
ing in a position to say or do other than to
obey orders from our superiors, we feel and
know you will not be antagonized toward any
one, but, will abide in peace and make the best
of everything. You can rest assured you will
receive a square deal as it is possible to receive
from the Officers of the H. F. C., but, you
must also take into consideration the fact, that
they have their limits and can’t go by and then
without receiving the proper orders from those
in authority. They meet obstacles which
none realize, some they overcome, others come
others remain to stare them in the face until
such time that it will be possible to remove
them once and forall times, As the Summer
is drawing to a close and the Autumn and
Winter entertainments are about to be entered
into, we wish to say and ask all the Brothers,
who have a sketch or an act, which will meet
with approval, to get together and rehearse the
same and also, give your Number, name of
of sketch, etc., to your Delegate on the Block,
so that he can turn the same over to the proper
Officers. All acts will be called upon for a re-
hearse and unless satisfactory, they will not be
permitted to participate in the entertainments,
so get busy and brush up and let your Number
or act be one of sterling worth. To the new in-
mates we wish to call their attention to the H.
F. C. circulating library which is conducted for
the benefit of the club. You can find all the
latest and most popular Magazine of the day,
all placed at your disposal at a very small cost.
Ask to see the H. F. C. Librarian and he will
furnish you all the information as well as Mag-
azines.

Should the President return from his vaca-
tion by Sat., Aug. 12th the 2nd Section will
be out as follows: 3 B, 4 B.,5B.,, 5G.,7 B
7G.,,and 9 B. The Orchestra, will be on the
lawn to furnish the music on 6 Block. In the
future the Members will not be allowed to close
up or wedge themselves around the Music
Pavilion. Kindly bear thisin mind.

Following is a list of the blocks and galleries
and the total number of members of each: 1 B
101, 3 B—87, 4 B—87, 4 G—30, 5 B—108, 5
G—71,:6/B=—74) 6.G-63, 7 B—98, 7 G—=81,
8 B—8&0, 9 B—71, 10 B—39, 11 B—52, 12 B
28, 12 B-1 G—25, 12 B-2 G—29; making a to-
tal membership of 1124 members up to and in-
cluding Saturday, August 5. 4

—B7819 Rep. Delegate
