---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_133.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

' THE UMPIRE

F dited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, August 16, 1916

NO. 32

PRESIDENT PUTS STRIKE
QUESTION UP TO OFFICIALS

Brotherhoods Willing to Arbitrate—
Hold Session in Secret—Decision Ex-
pected Today

The efforts of the U. S. Board of Mediation
and Conciliation has not met with the success
that was expected in adjusting the differences
between the railroads of the U. S and the four
brotherhoods. The traffic managers did not
conceal their feeling that the situation was
more critical than at any time since last March,
when the 400,000 engineers, conductors, fire-
men and trainmen served on the railroads their
demands for the eight-hour day and time and
a half for overtime.

The mediators kept in close touch with the
railroad managers, who were in conference.
While what they are doing is being kept secret,
the evidence isthat the mediators and rail-
road managers, are convinced that the workers
are sincere in their resistance to the railroads
demand for arbitration and that the managers
might give the Mediators a proposal which
would incorporate concessions of a part of the
men’s demands and a provision for arbitration
for the rest. It is not believed that the heads
of the brotherhoods will recede from their
position, so many times advanced, that they
will not arbitrate the eight-hour day.

If the brotherhoods refuse the proposal which
will probably be made, it is said to be virtually
certain no matter what its terms may be, that
the mediators will notify President Wilson that
they cannot effect a settlement. The Presi-
dent in this case has decided that he will
call the heads of both sides to Washington.

Judge Martin A. Knapp, of the mediation
board, refused to say that he considered the
workers had meant to give the mediators an
ultimatum that they must produce results or
give up the job.

Judge W. L. Chambers, another of the
mediators, said he had not given up all h pe
that the board might be able to bring the rail-
roads and the brotherhoods together. The
opposmon of the brotherhoods to mediation
has been largely based upon the fear that it
will be impossible to secure neutral arbitrators.
It was reported that the railroads would ask
the mediators to submit a suggestion for arbi-
tration by a board of 14 members’ four to be
named by the railroads, four by the brother-
hoods and the other 6 to be chosen by that 8.

Latest reports from Washington indicates
" that President Wilson will place the responsi-
bility of a strike up to the railroad officials. He
has met both sides, and will give his opinion
sometime today.

WAR DEPARTMEMT ORDERS
25,000 MEN TO BORDER

It is stated in a late Washington report that
orders have been issued by the War Depart-
ment for immediate movement to the Mexican
border of all National Guard troops covered by
President Wilson’s recent mobilization call who
have not yet been moved south from their
State mobilization camps. It is estimated that
25,000 men will be affected. The following an-
nouncement was made:

““Commanding general, Eastern Department,
has been directed to send all state troops to
the border as soon as they have been equipped
and transportation can be obtained, and to see
that special attention is given to getting Ver-
mont troops to the border as soon as possible.

““Commanding general, Central Department,
has been directed to send Ohio troops to the
border as soon as they are equipped and trans-
portation can be obtained.

““All department commanders have been di-
rected to send all other National Guard troops
in their respective departments to the border
as soon as they are equipped.

FINDING OF NEW DIAMOND

FIELDS REPORTED .

It is reported from Washington that the dis-
covery of new diamond fields in the Trans-
vaal has been reported to the Department of
Commerce by Edwin N. Gunsaulus, American
consul at Johnnesburg, Transvaal, Union of
South Africa. The consular report says it is
“about six miles distance from the famous
Premier diamond mines and 18 miles from
Pretoria,”” and adds that in the course of three
weeks a few diggings have sold for $15,000 worth
of diamonds in two washings, and as far as
known only one washing thus far has produced
a blank.

The Government mining engineer has not
yet visited the ground. The undertaking as
it stands today, is described of splendid prom-
ise for those interested in the matter.

TURNED UP FORTUNE WITH PLOW

Considerable excitement was caused at
Nacona, Tex., the other day when it was re-
ported that a farmer named Palmer near there
plowed up silver barson his farm estimated to
be worth $100,000 to $280,000. He wili send
the barsto the Denver Mint for analy sis.

It is believed the silver was left there by
Spaniards in th e sixteenth or seventeenth cen-
tury, when thcy were forced by Indians to re-

reat.

Many of the owners of adjoining farms are
reported as industriously engaged in making
an extended search on their property in hopes
of unearthing more of the precious metal.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games
Cubs 6—Shed 1
The Cubs found little difficulty in winning
from the Shed by the score of 6 to 1.
Albie, on the mound for the Cubs, was in
good form, allowing only 3 hits, struck out 7
and issued no free passes.

Banks, for the Shed, allowed - 6 hits, struck
out 6 and walked 2.
Score by innings as follows:
RSEISSES
Cubsarmve o =0 001012020-6 6 O
Shed=rrewlfart 010000000—1 3 O

Doubles —Blink and Pidge.
Umpire —Marty.

Wednesday’s Games
Ninth—3 Shed—4

The star aggregation of the Ninth were hum-
bled by the Shed team, who sprung a surprise
by the score of 4—3.

Stony, on the mound, pitched a good game,
allowing 6 hits, striking out 5 and walked 2.

Spooky, for the Ninth, was also touched for
6 hits, struck out 5 and walked 1.

The stick work of Davis, figured prominently
in the Shed’s victory.

Score by innings as follow:

R HEES
Shed " - it v n 000512 2508 01030 =45 6 ()
Ninthpsteice S o 120000000—3 6 O

Triple—Davis.
Doubler—Davis, 7503, 5343 and Jim.
Umpire—Jimmy.

Printers 4—Cubs 1

Firmly intrenched behind the earth work
of their favorite ground, the Printers defeated
the Cubs, by 4—1.

Mack, in mid-season form, pitched with all
the assurance of a veteran.

The Cubs got only one lone hit, while he
fanned 12, and did not issue a base on balls,

Boyd was found for 7 hits, while he fanned
12, and walked 3.

Jack’s catch in deep centre won considerable
applause. :

Score by innings as follow:

RULIEES
Printers - . "= 100002100—4 7 O
Cubs 000001000—1 1 O

Doubles—Fingers, Baumgartner, Beck.
Umpire—Fred.

Friday’s Games
Cubs 7—Printers 3

The Cubs by hard hitting, took a command-
ing lead of 3 runsin the first inning and clinched,
the game by scoring 3 more in the last inning.

(Continued on fourth page.)
