---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_134.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia-
every Wednesday-
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers-

for these columns is
Rejected

Mss.—Original matter, suitable
acceptable, and will be published as mneeded.
articles will not be returned. ;

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer, who
will see to its delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must Lec signed with the
wri ter’s number,

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

Philadelphia August 16, 1916

PrisoNn PorurLAaTION—Males 1397. Females
24. Total 1421 Last serial number B 8321

VULTURES OF THE BAR

Aroused to a point of what may be term-
ed righteous indignation the editor of a lo-
cal paper gives a most scathing denuncia-
tion to that class of practitioners of the
law who prey upon the depraved and un-
fortunate. According to the revelations that
are now being exposed by the Grand Jury,
a state of moral terpitude of a most ap-
palling character exists among the vultures
of the bar who make the laws of the State
a travesty and a means of wringing money
from the denizens of the underworld. Com-
ing from such a reliable source, it is to be
hoped that the expose will bear fruit in
a thorough uprooting of the practice of these
panders of the fallen.

That such conditions have been allowed
to continue among the legal fraternity is a
source of wonder and amazement to many,
and until the more respected members of
the bar take some decisive action to clean
house and drive out these parasites of the
law, they will have to bear the odium that
_has been brought upon an honored profession.

In his stinging rebuke to the ‘‘vampires
of the bar,”” the writer goes on to say that
according to the chief probation officers’
statement concerning the operations of the so-
called morals branch of alocal Court, con-
ditions are revealed which shows that ‘‘a co-
terie of lawyers practicing in criminal cases
have been permitted to consolidate their
position of advantage as vampiies sucking
, the life blood from unfortuntes of the un-
derworld! By a system of fines and extor-
tionate fees for ‘‘legal services’’ these law-
yers_* * 5k * b * £ * 3k 3k * ___have
for years taken a heavy toll from the earn-
ings of immortality and have made it prac-
tically "impossible for unforturates caught in
the me-hes of the law to escape from the
life «f shame. To fine a streetwalker is
an invitation to- her to pursue her trade
that she may earn the money to pay her
fine; while fees to lawiers who habitually
seek that class of business are little more
than blackmail, a division of the earnings

of commercial immorality.’”’

““The foregoing is the unvarnished truth of
the matter. That it effects  the character
and standing of members of the Bar, some
of whom at least make a pretense of re-
spectability and move among decent people
in the community is one of the most tragic
features of the situation. If they see no-
thing disreputable in taking toll from pros-
titutes, in perpetuating the system that swells
their personal gains at the expense of the souls
and bodies of unfortunate women, there
ought to be some power capable of dealing
with them summarily. But as long as cor-
rupt officials and others are allowed to play
into the hands of these men society is help-
less. The good people of this community
are not going to submit silently to the con-
tinuance of a debasing and immoral system,
and will protest and protest again until the
panders and worse than panders in the le-
gal profession shall be exposed and driven
from their ugly trade in human vice.

WHY NOT WORK TOGETHER ?

Some time ago one of our contemporaries ad-
vocated that there ‘‘should be a closer 1elation
between the numerous prison publications
working in closer unison for the development
of prison reform inallits branches, and especially
forthose reforms that will better the conditions in
moral and educational lines.”” The writer says
that the ‘‘prison press can do more for the mcn
behind the walls, if properly directed, than any
other power’’ at command.

By studying actual prison conditions and the
“‘opinions of writers who are sincerely working
for social reform, and by pulling together for
that which will be of benefit to our men as well
as society,’’ great good will result for all con-
cerned.

We heartily concur with Our Paperin the be-
lief that a more sincere, unselfishand sympathet-
iccooperation of the prison press, should prevail.
But the first step in that direction should be a
willingness on the part of the editors to set an
example of the highest integrity in their re'a-
tions with oneanotherand with those whom th ey
aresupposed torepresent. Until thatis done,all
other efforts at systematic action will be of
little avail.

Those who constantly pilfer from the col-
umns of their contemporaries without giving
credit, and who bask in the smiles of their over
lords, the prison officials, through subterfuge
and deceit, certainly are incapable of putting
forward any sincere effort that would be of ma-
terial benefit to the press as a whole.

Luckily most prison publications are urder
the supervision of sincere, carnest men who are
diligently working to improve the general con-
dition of prison life and to uplift the less for-
tunate brethern. To such, commendation and
proper support iscertainly (ue, but is not always
forthcoming. Fortuna ely the time is not far
distant when cooperation will become an ac-
tuality in the full sense of the word. In the
meantime, Ict all the true standard bearers

RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M.

Confession every.Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

: TR

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel c¢n
the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

buckle on the armor of sincerity and do their
very best, even though conditions may not be
as favorable as they should.

IN A RUT
Edgar A. Guest

Same faces every day I see,
The same old task to do,

I know tomorrow’s going to be
The yesterday I knew.

Though other fellows higher climb
And prosper, I remain

A settled fixture all the time
And not a mile I gain.

Sometimes I feel that I am tied
And bound by circumstance,

That in a field of labor wide
I’ve never had a chance.

Only the narrow roads of life
My feet have ever trod;

Without a thrill I face the strife,
A soulless human clod.

And long ago I ceased to dream
Of splendors that might be,
My eyes gave up the glorious gleam
Of future victory.
I used to wonder now and then
What time might have in store
For me and my fellow-men,
But I do that no more.

Each day is like its yesterday,
Each year a year of grind;

Along my narrow, dreary way
There’s nothing new to find.

I see my neighbors proudly claim
New pleasures as theyv go,

But all my joys remain the same
And not a thrill I know.

Do such thoughts ever come to you?
Do you rebel at night

Against the tasks you have to do,
And dread the morning light?

Then rouse yourself and break away,
No door to you is shut,

Your trouble is that day by day
You're sticking in a rut.

““The road to success is open to all, but too
many want to get there without the trouble cof
going.”’

It is true that expe ience islike a lemon-

squeezer—if there is anything in a man it will
bring it out.

