---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_135.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

B T e
— e e

INTERESTING INFORMATION

The United States government has purchased
the steamers Narragansett and Manhattan
from the Grand-Trunk railroad. The purchase
price, it is understood was $1,060,000 each.

2

A savings bank at Wilkesbarre, Pa., has
erected a most ingenious electric sign. It is
8 fect wide by 28 feet high and shows a stream
of dimes dropping steadly into a bank.

&

German thrift and ingenuity still continues
to advance despite the war. A Hamburg
society with more than 500 members aims to
produce the highest possible efficiency from
steam boilers with the least possible emission
of smoke by teaching firemen to handle coal
scientifically.

2

" The Prohibitionists have nominated J. Frank
Hanly, former Governor of Indiana, for the
presidency.

It is said that he spent his childhood in a
log cabin, and faught his way up from very
humble circumstances to a position of prom-
mence and high regard in that state.

5

It is reported that a mine firein Lansford,
Pa,, which has been burning over sixty years,
has at last been extinguished. The fire started
near the spot where Philip Ginter discovered
anthracite coal in 1791, has burned through
the immense concrete wall which a coal comp-
any sank in front of it several vears ago. The
wall was sunk to a depth of 100 feet and was
15 feet thick.

2

Commenting on the rapid advance of the
Chinese in modern industries a writer in one
of the local paper states that Chinese ship-
yards may possibly yet build ships for us, as
they are already building them for Euiopean
owners. Hongkong is said to be enjoying a
shipbuilding boom on an unprecedented scale,
one yard being prepared to build steamships
up to 10,000 tons. The labor employed, in-
cluding foremen, is all Chinese, though the
white race supplies the technical staff.

&

The Navy Department is very reticent about
the designs of its new battle cruisers, and the
meager information which has been officially
given out must have been a reluctant con-
cession to the advertising proclivities of the

_ present Secretary. It seems that in the five
new battle cruisers are actually to aim at
thirty-five knots and are to cost some $20,000,
000 apiece. If so, they will displace nearer,
35,000 than 32,000 tons; and even at that, if
they carry ten 14-inch guns, it is a pretty sure
guess that the armor protection n.ust be very
scant. It is reported that they will be 850
feet long, and for thiriy-five knots they will
need all of that. But what about docking
sthem? The new bill should include provision
forat least one 1000-foot dock.

HELP A FELLOW FORWARD
By Denis A. McCarthy

Help a follow forward, man;

Help a fellow all you can,

When he’s out of step and slow,
Courage gone, and can’t say’ No,”’
When despair comes sneaking in,
When he feels he cannot win,

And you know a little bit

More of that and he must quit—
Will you, heedless of his plight,
Forge ahead with all your might?
Will you take the lead, nor mind
This poor struggler left behind?
Nay; I’m sure you’ll stop awhile—
Stop to help him with a smile,
Stop to lend a hand to him

Who is up against the grim
Problem that we all must face
Somewhere in life's eager race.

Help a fellow forward! Say
Something cheering, something gay,
Something that will stir his soul,
Wake his will and self control.
Bravest hearts will sometimes fail,
Strongest spirits sometimes quail;
And a friendly word of cheer.

Oft transforms a whole career.
Have you not vourself been stirred
In the past by some good word

To a stronger effort still

As you climbed the weary hill?

So, whene’er you see another
Losing hope —well, he’s a brother,
And a word, a deed, is due

To that brother-man from you.
Help him! Itis Christ’s own plan!
Help a fellow all you can!

WHAT TO DO WITH A BAD TEMPER

‘‘Starve it; give it nothing to feed on. When
something tempts you to grow angry, do not
yield to temptation. It may for a minute or
two be difficult to control yourself, but try it.
Force yourself to do nothing, to say nothing
and the rising temper will be obliged to go
down because it has nothing to hold it up. The
person who can and does control tongue, hand
and heart in the face of great provocation, is
a hero. The world may not own him or her as
such, but God does. The Bible says that he
who ruleth his own spirit is better than he who
taketh a city.

What i> gained by yielding to temper? For a
moment thereis a feeling of relief; but soon
comes a sense of sorrow and shame, with a
wish that the temper had been controlled.
Friends are separated by a bad temper,
trouble is caused by it, and pain is given to
others as well as to self. The pain too often
lasts for days, even years—sometimes for life.
An outburst of temper is like the bursting of a
steam boiler; it is impossible to tell beforehand

what will be the result. The evil done may

never be remedied. Starve your temper. It
is not worth keeping alive. Lct it die.”’
—Selected

BORROWED MIRTH

‘ Riches have wings they say.”’
““Yes, and whenever I go after them they
migrate.’’

&
““Is he hard up?”’
‘I should say so. He can’t even get credit
for his good intentions.”’

2*

Knicker—The novelist dresses his heroine in
some clinging white stuff.

Bocker—But he doesn't mention the cost in
some vanishing green stuff.

S

“You never encourage mud-slinging in a
campaign.’’

“No,’”’ replied Senator Sorghum; “‘if you’re
going to throw something, throw a rock.”’

S

Adam gave one rib and got a wife, Robert
Kirton, of Pittsburg, back from the front, lost
seven ribs and than married his Red Cross
nurse. This shows the increased cost of living.

S
‘“‘Have you made a success of aviation?”’
““How can you doubt it?’’ asked the bird-
man, with pardonable irritation. '‘Can’t you
see for yourself that I am still alive?”’

o

Judge—How do you account for the fact
that the watch was found in your pocket?

Prisoner—Your honor, life is made up of
explicable mysteries, and I trust you will
instruct the jury:.

in-
S0

S

“People laugh about buying their husband’s
cigars,”” said Mrs. Bunk, *‘but I manage it all
right.”’

“Indeed?’’ said Mrs. Askem.

“Yes, you see | just take a stump with me
and it’s no trouble at all to find the
shade.”’

right

S
‘*Is the play one which you would permit
your daughter to attend?’”” We ask of the lady
who has been expounding her views on the
necessity for handling vital topics in the drama.
““‘Certainly,’’” she replied, “‘but I wouldn’t
allow my son to see it.”’

S

Some soldiers were escorting a spy through a
pouring rain to the gallows.

‘““What brutes vou fellows are ’” he exclaimed.
“to take a fellow out in the rain like this.”’

“Well,”' one of the soldiers made answer,
“how about us? We've got to march back.”’

2

Two women stepped up to the delivery win-
dow of a country post-office and bought some
stamps. The young r woman had several
letters in her band and was about to moisten
the stamps, when her a masculine looking suf-
fragette companion shoved both letters and
stamps under the grating and astonished the
clerk by saying: ‘‘Leave him lick’em, he’s paid
for it.”’
