---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_136.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

:———————————%——“

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE
WESITL= Pet: Wl Pet:

Printers 34 20 629 Cubs B30 E21 6l
Ninth 332161 Shed 8 46 148

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

WESHT S Pet WeST e Pct
Brooklyn 63 37 630 Pittsburg 44 55 444
Boston 58 40 597 Chicago 46 60 434
Phila. 60 42 588 St. Louis 47 62 431
New York 52 49 515 Cinn. 43 68 387

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDINC

W- . Bct. We oo Pets
Boston 62 45 579 Detroit 6053531
Clev’land 62 48 564 New York 56 52 519
Chicago 62 49 559 Washington 52 55 486
St. Louis 60 52 536 Athletics 22 82 212

(Continued from st page)

The final score ending 7—3 in the Cubs favor.
Hagy, on the mound for the Printers, was
not in his usual form and was touched for 10
safe drives, walked 2 and struck out 5.
Boyd, for the Cubs, allowed only 4 hits,
walked 3 and struck out 9.
Score by innings as follows:

R.H. E
@rips s Jo s 301003000—701 0O
Brinters= e e ORISR0 08 080—30 400 0

Doubles, Mack, Jordan, Barney and Fats,
Umpire Andy.

Ninth 5—Shed 1

The Shed team offered feeble opposition to
the hard-hitting Ninth, who defeated them
by a 5 to 1 score.

Jacoby, on slab duty for the Ninth, was ne-
ver in danger, fanning 9 and passing 1.

Stony worked for the Shed, fanning 8 and
allowing 2 walks.

The feature of the Ninth’s attack was the
batting of Bishie and Lucky.

Score by innings as follows:

R.-HE.
Nimthieo - u. 120E280 2051 315 0:0-—5359: 0
Blieq 2. 30 050021507000 070~~13 3560

Home run—Bishie.
Doubles—Lucky, Jacoby, Banks, Hamilton.
Umoire— Fred.
: Monday’s Games
Cubs 10—Printers 2

Inability to hit, coupled with poor fielding
at critical stages, brought about the defeat of
the Printers, by the Cubs, the score being 10-2

The Printers, were a bit wobby in the field,
being credited with several misplays.

Mack, weakened in the'sixth frame and the
Cubs scored 8 runs. He fanned 9 and passed
4. Boyd, on the hill for the Cubs, fanned 8 and
did not give a base or balls.

Banks, who officiated as Umpire proved satis-
factory.

Score by innings as follows:
FEE

R
@nRbsEE s o o 002008 00—10 10 1
Printerses o0 (R0 1N 0205 000-—2 4 53

Triple Jordan.
Double Jordan, Taylor, Ginger, Slats.
Umpire Banks.

Ninth 6—Shed 2
Blackie, the ‘‘Speed Demon,’’ had the Ninth
batters mystified during the first 4 innings, not
allowing a hit, but he weakened in the 5th and
the Ninth took the lead, scoring 5 runs. The

" final score ending 6 to 2 in the Ninth’s favor.

Jimmy Winters, on the mound for the Ninth,
allowed 4 hits, all of these being doubles; he
was wild at times and walked 5 men and struck
out 10.

Blackie allowed 5 hits, walked 4 and struck
out 4.

Score by innings as follows:

RS
Ninthz=s 2t e B 0:0"0" 1 5 0.0:0—6" 50
Shiedis LGl Sel ol ISOROROSORIROR0= 281 E()

Doubles—Sheppard, Ham, Stony, Jim, Jacoby
Hump and Spooky.
Umpire—Andy

TAMMANY TO HAVE NEW
LEADER—MURPHY TO RETIRE

It is reported by reliable authority that Tam-
many Leader, Charles F. Murphy, never again
will sit as head of the Tammany delegation in
a Democratic State convention. The state-
ment is to the effect that the man who for the
last 15 years has wielded the sceptre in Tam-
many Hall without any one ever seriously dis-
puting his leadership is determined to retire on
December 31, 1917. It is the fond hope of the
Tammany chieftain that by that time he will
have added to the list of his political achieved
ments a straight-out Tammany victory in a
New York city mayoralty campaign

It is expected that when Mr. Murphy retires
from leadership he will be succeeded by Sheriff
Alfred E. Smith.

England to Buy 250,000,000 Pounds
of Copper

A New York report states that within the next
month copper producers expects to see some of
the greatest orders placed in the country that
the trade has everrecorded. It was learned
yesterday that a group of English manufact-
urers of war munitions, copper wire and other
products of use to the armics are negotiating
an order which nmay tctal £50,0((,((0, pounds
of the metal, to be delivered in scattered lots
throughout 1917.

The largest single contract ever reported be-
fore was placed last April through J. P. Morgan
& Co. It called for 200,060,000 pounds at
cost to the buyer, said to be the British Govern-
mena of $85,000,000.

Mt Etna In Eruption—Crater Very Act-
ive and Flowing

It is reported from the Etna Observatory at
Roma, Italy, that the center of the crater of
Mount Etna, now 1200 feet deep, is in full er-
uption.

Lava flowing to the southwest.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The attention of the H. F. C. members is
called to the following resolution, that was
adopted and made a rule at the last delegate
meeting. It will be strictly enforced. ‘‘Any
member of the H. F. C. who violates any of
the club rules, while out of his cell on a Satur-
afternoon, shall, if found guilty after a proper
investigation has been made, lose for a period
of from three to six months all the privileges of
the club, and a D shall be placed on his paddle
to stay on until he is again restored to a good
standing with the club. If his conduct is such
as to warrant him consideration at the expira-
tion of three months he may send a written ap-
plication to the President of the club who wil]
consider his case and decide if he may again
enjoy the club privileges.”” This rule was made
so that the unruly stubborn and otherwise ob-
jectional trouble makers can be held in check,
and not allowed to mar the pleasures and priv-
ileges of the members who are willing and an-
xious to line up to the rules of the club. It is
with pleasure that the officers and delegates
can say that the general conduct of members is
all that could be looked for. We all appre-
ciate very much the kindly and courteous man-
ner in which the members respond and treat us
while performing our duties. The representa-
tive delegates get around to all the blocks and
galleries e\ery morning between 9 and 10 o'-
clock to receive any reports from the delegates.
This is done so that prompt attention can be
paid to any thing that may require it. All
communications from members should be in
writing and addressed to the President, who
will see that they are attended to promptly.
A supply of club buttons has been ordered, so
that the new members will soon get one. We
are sorry that circumstances did not allow us
to take the men out last Saturday, but next
Saturday, if the weather permits, the 2nd Sec-
will be out. It consists of the following blocks
and galleries: 3 B, 4B,5B, 5 G, 7 B, 7 G,
and 9 B. B 5602, 7189, 7819, Rep. Del.

25,000 MORE MOTORS
FOR TIOWA FARMERS

It is reported from Des Moines, Iowa, that
the-farmers’ corn crop in that state will this
year be worth $52,320,000 more than last, say
experts in an estimate based on the Federal
crop report L,

This means at least 200,000 motorcars in
Iowa next year against 175,000 this year, only
one toevery 13 persons. It means electric
light systems for prosperous farmers and elec-
tric washers and flatirons for the farmers’ wives.
It means water systems and bathrooms and
trips to California and the South next winter.

Towa, with 303,000,000 bushels of corn last
year, has in prospect 365,000,000 bushels this"
year, and the selling price now in 73 cents, as
against 71 in 1915.

Candidate Hughes is pleased with his cam-
paign so far, and leaders say his talks are
effective.
