---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_137.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, August 23, 1916

NO. 33

RELIGION AND THE CRIMINAL:
HOW A PRISON CAN MAKE
GOOD CITIZENS

By Robert J. McKenty

There used to be two very simple and easy ways
of handling people who got into prison,and they
went hand in hand. One was to kick a maninto
his solitary cell after batting him hard enough
over the head to make him comfortably kick-
able; the other was to jam him as full of texts
as a jar is of pickles and call him saved. The
first of them has gone out of fashionin polite
penology; the second has been replaced with
more of religion’s spirit and less of its letter.

While the loss of prison brutality can be borne
by keepers as lightly as by prisoners, it is unfor-
tunate that so many people, mid the numerous
new developments in prison methods for the re-
form of the criminals, should regard religionasa
sort of vaccination—which doesn’t often ‘‘take.’
For the man in prison, far more than the man
outside, is where he can be reached by any in-
fluence, good or evil, that is calculated to af-
fect his temperament and character. And re-
ligion—the true, clear-sighted, straightforward
strengthening kind of religion, no matter which
the denomination that supplies it—is second to
no other influence as a means of permanent re-
form.

It is surprising how many people are opposed to
religion; it would seem that, whenever someone
tries to raise his voice infavor of it, somebody
else feels an inspiration to yell it-down. In
the Eastern Peniteatiary it was decided to give
Jewish prisoners the synagog they needed, and
there was a howl against it. But they got it.
It was decided to let Catholic prisoners have
their chapel and their mass; there wasa howl
against that. But they got it. Every denom-
ination was given its opportunity to serve pris.
oners who needed a pastor within its fold, and
the prisoners were encouraged in the religious
impulse. Still there remained people who “be-
lieved the convict reformed through religion
was certain to backslide.

Before me is a letter from a man I know in
Chicago, saying he is preparing for his final ex-
amination in a theological seminary there and
breathing in every line of it the hope of his
highest happiness—the hour when he shall be
ordained to minister to the souls to whom he
shall go as a missionary of the gospel. Heis
31 years old and he has beena seminary
student for the last three years. He comes
fiom Northumberland county, in Pennsylvania.
When he was 20 years old, he was given a jail
sentence there for larceny. Upon his release,
he committed another theft and got another
jail term. After he served that term, he tried
highway robbery accompanied by aggravated

assault. It was too much for Northumber-
land county’s jail, and the penitentiary got
him, on a sentence of from two and a half to
ten years. He was the typical hard nut. In
the penitentiary he learned the trade of carp--
enter and changed his mind about damaging
other people’sbodies; and appropriating their
money. Upon his release, he went stralght to
Chicago; got a job as a journeyman carpenter;
took his preparatory course for the seminary at
night from a clergyman, and saved his wages
for his tuition fees.

Instead of being an isolated case, it isa typ-
ical one. The same seminary holds three other
students, as square, sincere and clear-headed
as he is; and all of them came from the same
penitentiary.

A prison can hardly hope to take in mortal
sinners and turn out livirg saints. If it can
make these sinners good, average, workday
citizens, it is doing pretty well all things con-
sidered. So, when I say the theological stu-
dent’s case is typical, I do not mean thata
prison’s discipline and influences manufacture
clergymen by wholesale. But I do mean that
they can make good and useful men and that
criminals have in them the makings. Not
long ago the State College offered the peni-
tentiary two courses in agriculture and farming,
The penitentiary jumped at tkem. There is
not a square inch of the nooks and crannies
available within the four high stone walls of the
institution that is not now burdened with crops
of tomatoes, sweet corn, cabbage and all the
other vegetables responsive to a layer of soil
and a shaft of sunlight and fingers that refuse
to let a weed put forth its second leaf. Pris-
oners to the number of 200 sent in paperson
the courses. The State College was so delighted
that it offered courses in engineering and in
shop arithmetic. The penitentiary inmates
went to it as if it were a ball game. The State
College now rates their work higher than that
of its regular students. When these men have
taken their full course, they will receive their
diplomas—not from the penitentiary, but from
State College. Meanwhile, those State College-
Penitentiary-trained farmers whose terms have
expired are at work, in convincing numbers,
on farms at regular farm wagees; and their
employers are mighty well satisfied with them.

The best prison system is the one that com-
bines steady work offering a livelihood outside
with religious training that arousesa man’s
sense of moral obligation.

Let us, when we get the criminal into jail,
take him sensibly for what he is—a plain man
gone awry and in need of being fixed up. If
his body is unfit to house healthy spirit, let
the prison physician repair it. 1f he is ignor-
ant, give him education to depend on. If he

(Contirued on fourth page, 3rd column)

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games

Printers 7—Shed 1
The Shed proved to be easy picking for the
Printers, who won by the score of 7 to 1.
Hagy, on the mound for the Printers, was
in good form, allowing only 2 hits, striking out
11, and walking 1.
Stony, for the Shed, was hit hard, there being

a total of 10 safe drives. He walked 5 and
struck out 9.

R.H E.
Printers:i . 003013000-7 10 O
Shedme sl ars 0COE0000010—1 2 O

Doubles—Baum, Sheppard, Shea and Stump.
Umpire—Jimmy.

Cubs 2—Ninth 1

The Cubs team defeated the Ninth, ina
pitchers’ battle between Albie and Charlie,
by a score of 2—1.

The score was tied 1—1 in the seventh
frame, when Banney made a -ensational steal,
crossing the plate with the winning run.

Albie pitched for the winners, and held the
Ninth to 4 hits. Charlie who was in the box
for the Ninth, also pitched well, allowing 6 hits

Jack Taylor fielded in great style for the
Cubs.

\ 100 - —
Ninthi==r = (0= 0SB OR(0) —
Umpire —Banks.

(oY

Friday’s Games
Printers 2—Shed 0

The Printers made it two straight victories
over the shed, by winning a close gome, 2—0,

Mack, for the Printers, showed his class when
he fanned 15 of the shed batsmen and allowed
only 3 hits.

Hamilton, the shed twirler, also worked well,
fanning 11, and passed 1.

Spitz’s two-bagger was responsible for the
two Printers tallies.

R. H. E.
Printers s e sns s 002000000—2 8 O
Sheqls fhei i 000000000—0 3 O

Two base hits—Spitz, Baumgartner,‘Finge'x‘s
Umpire—Banks. :
Cubs 8—Ninth 0

The heavy hitting and the pitching of Boyd,
or the Cubs, proved to be too much for the
Ninth, who went down to defeat by the score of
8 to 0.

Boyd allowed only two hits, struck out 10
and walked 1.

Jacoby was hit all over the lot, there being

(Continued on fourth page.)
