---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_138.jpg
---
R T R R T R R R O R B S D A I

THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia-
every Wednesday-.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.
Mss.—Original matter, suitable
cceptableg and will be published as needed.
rticles will not be returned.

for these columns is
Rejected

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer, who
will see to its delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the -

wri ter’s number,

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia August 23, 1916

PrisoN PopuLaTiION—Males 1398 Females
24 Total 1422 Last serial number B 8329

A NEAR VICTIM OF THE LAW

Notwithstanding the many improvements in
prison conditions and in other ceforms for the
benefit and uplift of the fallen and unfortunate,
we still have with us in all its medieval vicious-
ness, the silent operation of the ‘‘system’’ with
its maw extended for the sacrifice of blood, like
Moloch of old.  In the case of Charles Stielow,
of New York State, it seems that the near vic-
tim had been tried and convicted of first degree
murder, and was ‘o be electrocuted on the
morrow, when Mrs. Grace Humiston, a woman
lawyer of that state, discovered that the alleged
confession of the detendant which had been used
to secure his conviction, (there was no witness)
contained twice as many words as the prisoner
had in his vocabulary. Mrs. Humiston did not
hesitate to take the matter to Governor Whit-
man, explaining in detail that the so called
confession had been secured through ‘‘third

degree’” methods by the local officials, and that

the man, a foreigner, with the mind of a child
of seven did not understand the seriousness of
the document which he was forced to sign with
a cross. On becoming convinced that a serious
“blunder’” had been made, the governor signed
a reprieve, and a new trial is about to be
granted.

Now the question naturally comes to mind as
to who would have been t{o blame in case this
man had been actually murdered by law?
Would it simply have been excused under the
old plea of an unavoidable mistake, or would a
sincere effort have been made to place the
blame squarely upon the instigators of the fake
evidence?

Precedence in similar cases would indicate
that the former and not the latter course would
have been followed, and another victim of the
“‘system’” would have been added to the grue-
some record of legal horrors.

There would seem to be but one way in which
to avoid a repetition of a like occurence in the
future, and that would be to wipe out the per-
nicious practice that make such occurences pos-
sible. To put it mildly, the so called “‘third
degree’’ of the ‘‘system,’’ is a relic of atrocious
barbarism, and it should be wiped out of exist-

ence as quickly as possible by those who have
it in their power to frame the laws of the land.
The sooner this is done, the sooner will follow
a quickening sense of respect for the law by
those who wish to see that justice and equality
are accorded to both the poor and rich alike.

UP TO YOU
Thomas F'. Porter
You may attend the best schools in the
land, ;
Have teachers who by you their duty do,
Butjust how in your studies you may stand
In the long run, is wholly up to you.

You may have friends to counsel and advise
Who mark the course you should e’er
pursue,
But if you fall, or if you upward rise,
In the long run is wholly up to you.
At times most of us need a little aid,
And this desire too often in us springs;
- But who to trust himself is half afraid,
In the long run, will win but little things.

Men may the needed capital supply
To start you in some tempting enterprise,
But if you wholly on their aid rely,
Failure along you pathway surely lies.

You may assistance have in any course
That you attempt as life you travel
through, :
But, as you must supply the power and
force,
What you shall win, and be, is up to you.

While worthy aid and counsel is all right,
Be to your best desires and wishes true;
And be yourself the leader in the fight,
Because, in the long run, ’tis up to you.

IT DOESN'T PAY

The editor of The Square Deal has repeat-
edly shown evidence of his ability in many
ways, no less than in the following article
which we pass ou to our readers for their ed-
ification: ‘‘Analysis proves that our general
make-up differs in no way from that of our
brother on the other side of the wall, and yet
we are isolated from the rest of the world.
What’s the cause of it? What’s wrong with us,
or, as some feel, what’s wrong with the rest of
the world? With the rest of the world—noth-
ing, with us—here itisina nutshell: We fel.
lows are bucking a game of which we know pra.
ctically nothing, and one that can’t be beaten.

““We’ve walked to Madam Fortuna and,
holding up our liberty, staked it against our
brothers’money. Did we lose? We must have,
for our liberty is gone. Of course, I don’t
mean to say that we lost the first, time—that is
not all of us. Perh®ps we got away with the
other fellow’s money once or, maybe, twice;
but what happened then? Why, we spent the
winnings and came right back again and staked
our liberty.
anyone expect to win every time at the game?
Certainly not! And, listen, the very first time
that we lost we were thrown out of the game—
broke. :

~method of obtaining one’s bearings.

Is it any wonder we’re here? Can’

RELIGIOUS SERVICES.

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A.M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o'clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel cn
the third Thursday of every month,

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at the
Band-room.

Some of us are reluctant to acknowledge that
WE, and not the would-be victims, are the
“suckers.” It is rather hard, after years of
patting ourselves on the back while ‘‘bulling’’
ourselves into thinking that we’re THERE when
it comes to being clever, to have some one hand
us the book of rules, in which in 18-point type
is an introductory note explaining that the
player, after staking his life or liberty, is then
ready to play his hand alone against something
like 90,000 law-abiding opponents. Some game
isn’t it.

““‘And yet, in spite of the odds, we very often
think we have won. We spend the winnings
and forget all about the incident. Later on, we
lose another hand and find to our surprise that
where we thought we had won on the previous
play we had in reality lost, and the grand jury
sends us the bills (true bills), which we must
pay. Ask the fellow who has finished his term
only to find three or four more indictments and
warrants awaiting him in the front office.
Tough, isn’t it?”’

To the wise (?) man, who “‘knows it all,”’ we
would simply suggest that he should turn over
the above statement a few times in his mind;
perhaps it may induce a little serious thought

on the future. At least we hope it will for his
sake.

DARWIN’S THOROUGHNESS

Henri Fabre, the naturalist, tells “‘a charact-
eristic story about Charles Darwin and him-
self. Darwin wanted to exaplain the ““homing’’
instinct of bees, and induced Fabre to begin a
series of experiments with that purpose in view.
A regular plan of campaign was drawn up.
Marked bees were placed in a dark box and -
carried away from the hive in the opposite
direction from that in which they were finally
liberated. The box was repeatedly turned
about, so that the inmates would lose all sence
of direction. Every possible means was taken
to render useless any known or conceivable
The bees
were even placed within an induction coil in
the effort to confuse them. The result of a
long and elaborate series of tests was so far as
any explanation of the homing power was con-
cerned. In every case from thirty to forty
per ceat of the bees found their way home
without apparent trouble, no metter how con-
fusing the trip away from home had been
made. L

Contiuued on page 3, 2nd column.
