---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_139.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

e

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

John Tom Rogers, more than eighty years
old, once more showed the young men of Sus-
sex County, Del., what it really means to
dance, when he easily wrested the dancing
championship for Sussex County, from all who
attempted to either show him new steps or tire
him out in the annual contest held every year
at Oak Orchard, on the Indian Bay, for years.

S

Late information from New York, announces
that Dean George W. Kirchwey is to continue
in the state’s prison service as special agent
and adviser to James M. Carter, State Supt.
of Prisons. If true, Dean Kirchwey will have
an important role in the entire prison system
of the state. Evidently Mr. Carter realizes
the value of an able man when he sees one,
and he is to be commended for his acumen in
retaining Dean Kirchwey in the state’s service.

S

Two prisoners at' Sing Sing, James Strang,
and August Flashky, rated as trusties, ‘‘made
their get away’’ from that place last week,
thereby breaking their pledge and sacrificing

‘the interests of their comrades, besides bring-
ing discredit upon the prisoners league.

Both were serving sentences of more than
nine years for robbery. The were sent to do
interior decorating in the house of Frederick
Dorner, head keeper. The prisoners took two
blue suits belonging to a guard, and walked
out of the gate.

8

We are informed by a New York paper that
the people of that city do not work so hard as
they did a quarter of a century ago, or at so
high a pressure. Visitors from London wonder
how we got our reputation for being strenuous
and beating the clock. The call us slow.There
has grown up, in fact, a tolerant feeling for the
placidity and moderate ways of Philadelphia.
Jokes at the expense of that old-fashioned city
are not heard so often in New York now.
We have learned to live rationally and we are
rather proud of it.

25

The largest car ferryboat on Lake Ontario,
built at Toronto, Ontario, has recently made
its initial trip between Cobourg, Ontario, and
Charlotte, the port for Rochester, N. Y. The
new boat, known as ‘Ontario No, 2,7 isa
companion vessel to ‘‘Ontario No. 1, through
a trifle larger, ¢ No. 2" being 318 feet long,
54 feet wide, with a rated capacity of 5567 tons.
It can carry 30 loaded freight carsand 1000
passengers.

o .

A very clever idea in the way of an enlisting
station for recruiting United States marines has
been devised by recruiting officers of that

branch of the se.vice, in this city. These re-
cruiting officers formed the ‘idea of converting
their station intoa battleship, and after con-
siderable labor and no little display of inge-
nuity, there is now on the street, with its ‘‘14-
inch guns’’ pointing across the plaza, at t.he
Penn statue onthe city hall, the good ship,
Semper Fidelis, not listed in Uncle Sam’s naval
roster, but doing good service just  the same.

Continued from page 2

The story is characteristic, commentsa writer
in a New York paper, because it illustrates the
thorough way in which the author of the ‘‘Ori-
gin of Species’’ attacked all his problems. He
was not one to merely ‘‘opine prettily and prob-
ably,’”’ and let it go at that. He put every-
thing to the test of experiment,and when the
answer came out wrong, or didn’t come out at
all, he “‘scrapped’’ the hypothesis as a matter of
course instead of trying to explain away its
failure. ;

WOULDN’T YOU THINK

Charlotte Perkins Gilman

Wouldn't you think if it is right to seize
A man, and hide him in a pile of stone;
Rob him of sunshine, starlight, grassand trees,
Freedom and friendship; bottle him, alone,
An Amputated Man—as where one sees
A Finger in formaldehyde, to show
The horrible result of some disease —
Wouldn’t you think—if ‘tis right, you know-
Society to take such vengence strong,
Must blame and fear, in him some awful
wrong?

Wouldn’t you think, if any little child,
Born a pink baby, wholly innocent,

May grow up dissolute, fierce, tempered, wild»
Of mischievous behavior and intent;

If, our infancy so undefield,
May grow a criminal, of sins so great

As warrants cruelty or vengeance piled;
Wouldn’t you think, if crime so hurts the

State,

That State would guard the baby unafraid,

And see that no more criminals were made?

Wouidn’t you think, since prisons cost so
dear;
Since keeping prisoners all the guards de-
grade;
Since men imprisoned leave all poorer here,
For lack of each man’s service in his trade;
Since prisoners’ families the wolf must fear,
Or tax the State as our tax-payers know;
Since long the lists of legal costs appear;
Wouldn’t you think —if all these things are
SO—
Society would find it less a curse
To make men better than to make them

worse?
—Star of Hope

Half the clouds that darken our minds and
moods are due to thinking of the faults, failings
and weakness of others. A peculiar irritability
is thus developed which prevents any possibil-
ity of happiness or mental clearness. Call up
in thought the men you know. Do the best,
or the worst and weakest qualities of each come
first in view? Are you friendly, or harsh and
critical? No man ever gets peace whose men-
tal keynote in criticsm. No man grow great
qualities in himself while he pounders small
ones in others. Our thoughts of others may be
said to be the soil in which our own characters,
small or great, grow. —Century Path

“‘Wonderous is the strength of cheerfulness,

BOBROWED MIRTH

Youth—Love is intoxicating,
Old Bach—I’m on the water wagon.

SR
Wife—I hate those cramped berthsin the
sleeper. Couldn’t we get a flat, dear?
Hub—Who ever heard of a flat on a train?
Wife—Why, I’ve often heard of flat cars.

S

Mamma—Dorothy, you and your little vis-
itor are doing nothing but sit around and look
miserable. Why don't you play somethirg?

Dorothy—We are playing.

Mamma— What on earth are you playing?

Dorothy—We’s playing that we’s growed up.

o

‘A previous witness testified that the man
vanished as completly as if the earth had open-
ed and swallowed him up.”’

““More so, your honor. He vanished as com-
pletely as if he had run over somebody with
his car.”’

e;ﬁ :

Jimmie Willis—What are you going to be
when you grow up.”’

Tommy Gillis—‘‘An American bandit in
Mexico.”’

“But ain’t that dangerous?’’

““Naw. Neither side can shoot you for fear
of causing international complications.”’

S

Traveler—Here, landlord, what’s the mat-
ter with your dog? I’ve driven him away a
dozen times, but he always comes back again
and sits close to my chair, watching every
mouthful T take. Do take him out and let me
have my dinner in peace. :

Landlord—Ah, sir, my Carlo is such a know-
ing brute. I expect you have got the plate he
generally eats off!”’ :

: S

‘““You say the officer arrested you while you
were quietly minding your own business?’’

““Yes, your honor. He caught me suddenly
by the coat-collar and threatened to trucheon
me unless I accompanied him quietly to the
station.”’ 3

You were peaceably attending to your own
business, making no noise or disturbance of
any kind?”’

‘‘Noone whatever, sir.”’

“It seems very strange.
ness?”’

“I’m a burglar.”’

What is your busi

2=

He was a racketv young manand kept very

late hours, but had now joined the army and

was ordered to the front, and on bidding fare-

“well to his beloved he said to her.

“‘Darling, when I am far away wilt thou gaze
at yon star every night and.think of me?”’

““I will, indeed, dearest,’” she replied. ‘‘If I
needed anything to remind me of you, I should
choose that very star.”’

“Why?’’ he asked.

“Because it is out so late at night and looks
so pale in the morning.

e b LE T R e AN X,
