---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_140.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

e S —————S G

STANDING OF THE E.S. P. LEAGUE
Wae EsPet: w. L. Pct-

Printers 37 20 649 | Ninth 34 23 596
Cubs 35 22 614 | Shed 8 46 140

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W.  L.: Pct: W. L. Pct.
Brooklyn: 67 40 627 Pittsburg 49 58 458
Boston 61 42 592 Chicago 51 62 451
Phila. 63 44 588 St. Louis 51 64 443
New York 53 55 491 Cinn. 43 73 371

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDINC

W. L. Pct.

W. L. Pct.
Boston 67 47 587 St. Louis 63 54 538
Chicago 65 52 556 New York 61 53 535
Detroit 64 54 542 Washington 54 59 479
Clev’land 62 53 539 Athletics 23 87 209

(Continued from st page)
a total of 13 safe drives. He walked 3 and
struck out 8.

Pidge and Jordan carried away batting hon-
ors by a perfect score. The latter having
two home runs and two doubles out of four
times at bat.

R:“H.E.
Cubs - - 1010011048150
Naaphe e 0 000000000—0 2 O

Home run—Jordan 2.

Doubles— Jordan 2, Reds. Pidge, Jacoby,
Chick and Taylor.
~ Umpire—Fred.

Cook—8 Bakers—4.

In a free-hitting game, the Cooks defeated
the Bakers, the final score being8 to 4.

Capt. Blackie, did the twirling for the cooks,
fanning 11, and passed 1.

Fred pitched for the Bakers, and fanned 8§,
while he walked 1.

Dick’s home run featured the game.

Umpire—Bobby.

Monday’s Games

Ninth 6—Cubs 3

The Ninth block team kept pace in the E. S.
P. League pennant race by taking the Cubs
into camp in a well-played game, 6 to 3.

Both Charlie and Albie were in air-tight form
and pitched grand ball.

Barney, of the Cubs, made a sensational run-
ning catch in the first session.

It was a good game throughout.

R:H:E;
Ninther vin- o0 o 20031000—6 20
@EhsTe T 00 1. 10°1°0°0—-3 63
Double—Chick. Umpire—Banks

Printers 8—Shed 1

The Printers found no trouble in winning
from the Shed by the score of 8 to 1.

Stony pitched for the Shed and was hit hard,
there being a total of 14 hits. He was wallked
4, and struck out 5. Hagy did the twirling for
the Printers, allowed 1 walk and fanned 9.

: 000
Printerseie e o Pl 052701020

MORE TROUBLE IN MEXICO—
NEW REVOLUTION STARTED
—CHILIAN CONSUL SAYS
“THEY NEED A GOOD
LICKING”

Late news reports from El Paso, Texas, is to
the effect that a large band of revolutionists
held up a train on the Mexican National Rail-
way near Aguas Calientes, Durago, taking pris-

oner the 75 Carranza soldiers comprising the
escort. The baggagemen also were taken cap-
tive.

The revolutionists told passengers they be-
longed to a recently organized group calling
themselves ‘‘Legalistas.”” On their hats they
wore ribbons in the red, white and green of
Mexico, stamped with the word ‘‘Legalista.’’

Reports were current that Carranza soldiers
suffered defeat by Villa’s main band near Es-
calon, Durago, several days ago. Mexican au-
thorities admitted that a new and serious con-
dition of affairs was facing them, but claimed
they were fully able to cope with the situation.

The Mexican authorities are very anxious to
have General Pershing’s troops ordered out of
the country, claiming that the punitive expe-
dition is the only thing which stands in the way
of peace in Mexico, at least so declared General
Gabriel Gavira, Inspector General of the de
facto forces in northern Mexico, on his arrival
in Juarez from an inspection trip in northern
Chihuahua in the vicinity of the American
camps.

In a statement made by Marcos G. Huidebro,
Chilian Consul to New Orleans, who is now
visiting this city, to the representative of a lo-
cal paper, hesaid that, ‘““Undoubtedly, Mexico
needs a good licking.”’

In discussing the Mexican situation, however,
the Consul wished it distinctly understood that
he was merely expressing personal opinions,
and not speaking as an official of the Chilian
Government. He is staying at the Union Lea-
gue as the guest of Harry Sparhawk. He is a
graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and
has many friends in this city.

‘“‘Present conditions in Mexico are deplorable
and to call the present regime a government is
absurd,’’ he said. ‘‘I think most people agree
that a licking would do the country good. It
would probably act as a stabilizer.”” "

When asked whether it was up to the United
States to administer the licking, Mr. Huidebro
smilingly declared that he did not care to make
his statements too strong. ‘‘Naturally, we
know the United States is capable of doing
it,”’ he continued, ‘‘because it is by far the
more powerful country.’” After discussing the
situation along these lines, however, the consul
suddenly reverted to the speech of the diplo-
matic and said that he hoped affairs between
the two countries would be settled peaceably.

The railroad strike situation seems to be
on a fair way of adjustment.

LOST—Pair of music clippers. Finder please
return to B 7065, 1st B.

HOW PRISON CAN MAKE GOOD CITIZENS

(Continued from page one)

has any mechanical bent, help him to a trade.

Don’t pamper him; don’t coddel; don’t pat
him fondly on the back. The world he came
from and must go baek to does none of these -
things for him. But endeavor, through all that
is done for him, to carry a strain of practical,
golden rule religion, which is the strongest stif-
fener of a man’s backbone. When he goes out
of his prison into his world—for it is his as
much as it ours—he will not be strange, or
daunted, or ill atease, or helpless. He will be
used to it. He will not be that most wretched
of poor wretches—an ex-convict. He will be a
man.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The 2nd Section of the H. F. C. enjoyed
their much deferred outing Saturday afternoon.
Wind and sun had seemingly agreed that it
should be a perfect day, and the boys did their
best to live up to it. The usual parade around
the institution fcatured the events of the day.
Led by the Chief Marshal, A 8432, and his
aides B 7983, Trea., B 7819 B 5602, Reps.
the boys, some 600 strong, stepped off briskly
to the spirited music of the band, led by Prof.
Weigandt. There were some stragglers, but
these were like the poor we have always with
us. Keep step boys, don't lag. Now is the
time to learn this vital need of life—the neces-
sity of keeping perfect step and alignment with
one’s fellow men. After the parade the major-
ity of the members gathered about the sixth
block lawn and heard the H. F. C. Orchestra,
splendidly conducted by Prof. Weigandt, ren-
der a fine musical program. Their playing was
quite up to their fine standard and was fully
appreciated. During the intermission the am-
ateur talent of the club gave us their best. B
7478 leading off with some very good singing.
The Quartette, B 5853, 6291, 7371 and 7825,
then expressed feeling their desire to be in
Dear Old Georgia. A wish prompted perhaps
by some remembrance of the Georgia water-
melon, eh boys.

We had almost forgotten to mention the new
pennant of the 7th Gallery, an omission which

‘we fear the boys would not have soon forgiven

us as they are justly proud of their fine new
emblem, the first of its kind. We feel obliged
to caution the members of the Club against so
much loud talking and other noice, after being
called out and -while awaiting their turn to
march out. Please remember this boys and
try to avoid a repetition of it is liable to make
a bad impression. '

This means that we should all pull together
for the good of the H.F.C. Remembering
awaysthata good example is a wonderful power
for good, And that he who helps himself helps
others For no man liveth to himself alone.
Least of all when in such cases as ourselves.

Weathert permitting next Saturday Aug. 26th
the following Blocks and Galleries comprising
ube First Section of the H. F. C. will go out.
1.B.8,.B. 11;'B. 6, B "6:G. 12 B 125 B Sis¢
G. 12, B.: 2nd G —Rep. Del:" 7819-5602
