---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_141.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, August 30, 1916

NO. 34

HUGHES WINNING VOTES
ON HIS WESTERN TOUR

Says “All Who Work Should Have Ade-
quate Compensation”—Entering

a New Era of History

A report from Laramie, Wyo., announces
that Charles E. Hughes was greeted by an
immense crowd at that place following his
arrival there on Saturday. In his speech he
reiterated his declaration for a protective tar-
iff, enforcement of civil service and a busi-
ness-like administration of government.

‘“We should have but one ideal in making
appointments,’’ the Republican nominee for
the presidency declared: ‘‘thatideal should be
efficiency. Paper programs and statutes
amount to nothing unless we have efficiency.
Efficiency—that’s the watchword of the twen-
tieth century.’’

Mr. Hughes reviewed what he termed ‘‘a
fine record of Republican achievement’’ in the
enactment of labor legislation.

“I am for that and more,’”’ he said, ‘‘we
ought to-have an adequate compensation in
order that all who work may be assured prop-
er protection and adequate compensation in
case of accident.’”” Mr. Hughes left for
Cheyenne shortly after noon.

Upon his arrival at Cheyenne, Mr. Hughes
was met by a cowboy escort and two brass
bands. The nominee and his wife headed an
automobile parade through the streets.

He addressed an audience at Frontier Park
there, on the importance of upbuilding Ameri-
can industries to meet European competition
after the war. This, he said, could not be
done under a tariff for revenue only, but
could be accomplished under a protective tar-
iff such as the Republican party proposed. He
continued.”’

The problems that we are facing today are
not exactly like those which we have dealt
with in the past. We are entering upon a
new era of history. I do not think the world
will be the same world after the European
war that it was before. The upbuilding of
American industry lies at the very foundation
of the future of the United States. It can
never be done under an administration that
frames its tariff for revenue only.

On September 6 Mr. Hughes will have a 30-
minute stay between trains at Cinncinnati,
O. It is probable that he will make a brief
address there. He will go direct from Cin-
cinnati to Maine.

The Hughes trip will end September 11, at
Syracuse, N. Y., where he will speak at the
State Fair. Mr. Hughes will take a rest of
two or three days at Bridgehampton, N. Y.,
and then start on his second trip.

CURTISS BIPLANE MAKES NEW
WORLDS RECORD

A late Newport News, Va., dispatch states
that Victor Carlstrom established a new
world’s record for a 10-hour flight when he
covered a distance of 661 miles in 8 hours and
40 minutes in one of the latest types of Cur-
tiss twin military biplanes, a combination land
and water machine.

Unless the mark is bettered, Carlstrom will
win the Curtiss trophy for this year. The
trophy was won last year with a flight of 500
miles. In addition, Carlstrom received $7000
for his flight, this amount being offered as a
bonus by the Curtis, Aeroplane Company.

The flight was made overa course from this
city to Fisherman’s Island, a distance of 51
miles for the round trip. A heavy fog made
steering by the compass necessary. At times
Carlstrom reached a speed of 90 miles an
hour. He started out to make 700 miles in
10 hours, but carburetor trouble on one occa-
sion and two stops to replenish his gasoline
supply consumed an hour and 20 minutes.
One hundred and forty gallons of gasoline
was used on the trip. The machine is equip-
ped with two engines of 110 horsepower
each.

The flight was considered by the Aero Club
of America and local aeronauts as the most
important aviation event of the year, and the
result was watched by army and navy officers
of several nations, as well as by manufac-
turers, with great interest. The machine
used is declared to be the best heavier-than-
air machine developed either in the United
States or abroad. It is possible to change
the biplane from a land machine to a water
machine in a few minutes.

ISLANDERS ANXIOUS TO COME
UNDER AMERICAN FLAG

Reports from St. Thomas, D. W. L, an-
nounce that in a resolution recently adopted,
the local Legislature urged upon the Danish
Government the expediting of the negotia-
tions for the sale of the Danish West Indies
to the United States. The resolution says:

¢ As constantly recurring sale negotiations
paralyze all enterprises in St. Thomas, and
great depression, with a public deficit and
private misery, has already been caused by
the war and by disappointment from the
Panama Canal, the mother country is earn-
estly requested to hasten the present negoti-
ations and implored not to reject the sale un-
less the entire nation demands it and is will-
ing to take the consequences afterward.’’

The resolutions, which were adopted unan-
imously, were cabled to the Finance Minister
at Copenhagen.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games
Ninth 5—Printers 4

The Ninth team hammered Mack hard and
defeated the Printers, by a score of 5—4.

Umpire Banks rendered a very bad decision
in the sixth frame, tying the score; Hump
stole home, and was called safe by Banks who
remained standing in the pitcher’s box, in no
position to see the play.

Mack, pitched for the Printers, while Charlie
did the honors for the Ninth.

Baumgardner's clever workin theinnnergar-
den and Williamsport’s circuit clout featured.

Score by innings as follow:

RS 5
Ninthi it SRR 1251 815 0N 1507 05 0= Dt EI3m)
P Einters e s 013000000—4 6 O

Home run—Williamspt’s.

Triple—Lucky.

Doubles—Buck, Hagy, Bobby, Baumgartner
Jacoby, Pettrili.

Umpire—Banks.

Cubs—6 Shed—1.

Poor fielding was responsible for the Shed'’s
defeat; losing to the Cubs by the score of 6—1.

Blackie, on the mound for the Shed, pitched
good ball, but quit in the 5th inning after his
team mates had thrown the game away. He
was touched for 8 hits, walked 2, struck out 2.

Boyd, for the Cubs, allowed only 2 hits, struck

out 5 and walked 1.

Blink featured with a home drive.

Score by innings as follows:

REECSE
Shede=tn = 5.8 0.0 20070 0 0s0—=11H(
Cubsze ti e 00 0 052 103006, 000880

Home run—Blink.
Umpire—Fred.

Friday’s Games

Cubs 12 —Shed 2

The Cubs won a one-sided game from the
Shed by the score of 12 to 2.

Albie pitched for the Cubs and allowed 6
hits, walked 2 and struck out 4.

Hamilton, doing mound duty for the Shed,
was found for 8 hits, walking 3 and struck out 4.

Jordan featured as the star performer of the
game, while Caps made a clever home run on a
wild throw.

Score by innings as follows:

£ RIS
(@i e e slel T 014034000—12.110
Shieclibe TR e 010001000—2 6 1

Home run—Jordan 3.
Doubles—]Jordan, Albie, Blink, Evans and
Hamilton.
Umpire—Banks.
(Continued on fourth page.)
