---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_142.jpg
---
2

THE UMPIRE

- — a0y

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these colums is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles Will not be returned.

All communication should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and given to the Overseer, who will see to
its delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413 : Editor.

Philadelphia August 30, 1916

PrisoN PorPurLATION—Males 1398 -Females
24 Total 1422 Last serial number B 8334

GIVEN ANOTHER CHANCE

It is pleasing to note that the editor of a
local paper has seen fit to make comment in
its columns on the case of a juvenile delin-
quent that recently came before Judge Mac-
Neille, of the Juvenile Court, in this city.
The offender in question is a lad of tender

‘years—named Henry—and the Judge has ta-
ken special interest in the case with the in-
tent to see that ample opportunity is given
the youth to mend his ways and become a due
respecter of the law. -

As the writer declares, the story is one ‘‘that
needs no adornment, and it carries a moral
that needs no pointing. It reveals in the
clearest light the purpose of the Juvenile
Court as well as the highly practical nature
of the procedure. Henry does not appear to
be a bad boy, though he has already been be-
fore the court half a dozen times. He is just
a motherless waif, rather cleverer than most,
as his more or less successful attempts to im-
itate Charlie Chaplin indicate. He has been
sent to the shelter of the Seybert Institution
and has run away. Any boy will understand
his explanation. He felt as if he were being
treated as an invalid. ‘I know it’s the rule
out there,”” Henry told the Judge, ‘‘to keep
the kids in the shelter until they know all

' about their health. But I don’t like it.”’
What healthy boy would? So the Judge ac-
eepted Henry’s offer to go to the institution
itself and sent him there unaccompanied, on
his word of honor that he would go. And
Henry kept his word and went.

~ Suppose the boy had been haled before a
less sensible and kindly magistrate. Suppose
the police had described him as a hopeless
case, ‘‘one who gives us a lot of trouble, your
Hondr.”” Suppose he had thereupon been sent
with hardened offenders to jail. What would
have happened then? The answer is easy.
The odds are nine to one that society would
have another criminal on its hands. There
are boys who appear to be irreclaimable.
Henry may be such a boy. But at least he is
to have an opportunity to show the stuff that
is in him. It is much more important to pre-

vent crime than to punish its victims. It is
much more important to save these boys and
girls, so far as possible, from the consequen-
ces of their errors than to inflict upon them a
penalty that will rob them of their self-re-
spect. ““All hope abandon, ye who enter
here’’—that is what society says to the juve-
nile offender when it deals with him in-the
old harsh way. Is it not better to say to him,
‘““You are just a human boy, not bad nor yet
good. You haven’t had much of a chance,
but we are going to give you one. We put
you on your honor to do the right thing in re-
turn.”” It would be an unhuman boy indeed
who did not respond to this appeal.

It is but just to Judge MacNielle, to say
that his excellent work in the Juvenile Court
has attracted wide attention and is winning
him many warm friends among those who
have the best interests of refactory youths at
heart, and believe that ‘‘an ounce of preven-
tion is worth more than a pound of cure.”’

FOR GREATER MAIL PRIVILEGES

The subject of greater mail privileges for
prison inmates is receiving stronger impetus as
time advances. A recentnumber of The Survey
contains an article by Miriam de Ford Collier,
in which the writer says that ‘‘while prison
honor systems and increased liberty for in-
mates are occupying public attention from
Sing Sing to San Quentin, it is interesting to
read of the struggle that one prison official
has had to secure such a relatively mild change
in prison life as greater mail privileges for
inmates.

* ““The official is J. J. Sanders, parole clerk
of the Arizona State Prison at Florence, Ariz.

When Mr. Sanders went to the Arizona in-
stitution three and one-half years ago, he
knew nothing about the practical workings of
such institutions. He had not been there
dong before he had adopted as his rallying
cry, ‘‘Unlimited daily mail for convicts.”” A
pamphlet entitled Prisoners’ Mail was sent to
governors, senators, congressmen, the Presi-
dent and his cabinet, prison wardens, prison
workers, newspapers, magazine, and women’s
clubs, and is soon to be printed as a Senate
document.

“Prisoners’ Mail contains the reports of the
warden of every state prison on mail and
reading privileges in their institution. One
of its surprising revelations is that the so-
called ‘‘backward South’’ claims five of the
eight states which allowed unlimited daily
mail for the inmates of their state prisons be-
fore Mr. Sanders began his campaign. These
are Arkansas, Alabama, Florida, Louisiana
and Mississippi. The other three states are
Arizona, Nevada and Rhode Island.

‘“Since Mr. Sanders began his campaign,
the privilege of unlimited daily mail has been
granted in Oklahoma, New York, California,
Maine and Georgia. Illinois has raised the num-
ber of letters prisoners are allowed to write
from one every five weeks to one every two
weeks.  Virginia now allows one letter a
month instead of one every two months as

RELIGIOUS SERVICE

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General service are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clocks every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at
the Band-room.

before. Only one letter monthly is now allowed
in Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey, Penn-
sylvania, South Carolina and Washington.
‘‘Third grade’” men, 4. e., those degraded for
infraction of rules, have no mail privileges
whatever in Kentucky, Minnesota, New Hamp-
shire, Ohio, South Dakota and Tennessee.

‘“The abominable rules in force in nearly
all American state prison restricting prisoners’
mail,”’ says Mr. Sanders, ‘‘are a lasting dis-
grace to our American civilization. As well
expect a giant cactus to grow and develop at
the north pole as expect men and women to
become better citizens in a prison holding to
these dark-age customs of restricting the
writing and receiving of letters, magazines,
periodicals and newspapers. Cut loose the
anchor that binds them to the past and give
the man and woman in prison every opportu-
nity to grow and develop.’’

WHEN YOUSHALL CHOOSE

Thomas F. Porter

When you shall choose the course that you
would go
To reach the goal toward which your
powers bend,
Let naught your aim and purpose over-
throw,
But, whate’er comes, press bravely to
the end.

When you resolve that something you will
do .
That worthy is of brain and mind and
thought,
Whoe’er opposes, still your work pursue
Until it is to full perfection brought.
When in your heart you something have to
say
That, if accepted, will some good bestow,
Speek it not once but ever, day by day
Until the worlk its worth shall come to
know.

To sum up all, in every thought and deed
Be your own self, determined, firm, in-
tense;
No matter who shall frown or who shall heed,
Stand bravely up, despite the consequence.

Many of us know how, even in our child-
hood, some blank, discontented face on the

background of our home has marred our
summer mornings. Why was it, when the
birds singing, when the fields were a garden,
there was somebody who foumd it hard to smile?

.
