---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_143.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

_—%—_“—“——:_““——“———*

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

Governor Brunbaugh has appointed Herman
L. Collins, of this city, asa trustee of the
Home for Training of Deaf Children, at Phila-
delphia.

S

Special dispatches to Dutch newspapers,
declare Germany and Austria have reached
an agreement providing for the recognition of
autonomy of Poland. The dispatchesadd that
this has been announced in Warsaw.

S

On the theory that an American citizen can-
not renounce his treaty rights except by re-
nouncing his citizenship, the Washington Gov-
vernment will not recognize the decree pub-
blished recently in Mexico City making re-
nunciation of treaty rights the basis of future
commercial concessions. There isno indication
however, that a formal protest will be made
unless a case in point should arise.

5

The police authorities of Chicago, have in-
stituted a system under which each one of the
prisoners in custody must walk before a mo-
tion-picture camera that records his charac-
teristic gait and attitudes before he realises
what is happening. All the pictures are then
reproduced and shown on a screen to the de-
tectives and policemen in each of the forty-
five police stations in Chicago.

S

One American company hasorders for eleven
battle planes, each to weigh fifteen tons, the
framework wholly of steel, wings to spread
180 feet, length fore and aft over 100 feet.
The machine carries two engines of 800 horse
power, either or both of which may be used.
It carries four 14-inch and 2-inch guns, and a
crew of six men. Its speed is to be eighty-five
miles an hour.

S

A transportation dream of many years will
be realized when the three and half million
dollars bridge of the Paducah & Illinois Rail-
road over the Ohio River is finished; and at
the same time a great railroad route will be
completed, connecting up a territory reach-
ing from Norfolk and New Orleans, to Port-
land. It willlink the Atlantic Coast Line and
Louisville & Nashville Railroads with the Chi-
cago, Burlington & Quincy and the Great
Northern Railway systems.

S

Police work of a sociological kind is being
recommended in behalf of the boys without
homes who encamp about the warehouses on
the waterfront at Valparaiso, Chile. The
chief element in the plan is a school, where
some of the younger of the neglected lads can
be taken and broughtup. Though the utili-
tarian argument, thatthe scheme wouldsave
merchants from the depredations of the boys,
is brought forward, it is plan that conserva-
tion of human values is the chief aim, asin
the juvenile reforms started by Arthur Woods,
commissioner of police, in New York city.—

AROUND THE BEND

Around the bend there’s a lovelier view,
And the road may wind sweeter than here;
With meadows each side that shall glisten
with dew,
And birds that shall warble their cheer.
There are mountains, perhaps, with their
blue summits high
In the mist and the glory of light,
And a far-away place in the blue of the sky
That shall comfort your heart for its
night.

Around the world there’s a fairer land dear,
Than the road has yet shown by the way;
And the summits of glory may stand out so
clear
In that golden and wonderful day.
The dust may be deeper above the sharp
stones,
And the grass may be greener, who knows
And a wind that may sing for the wind that
now moans,
And instead of the thistle, the rose.

Around the bend there’s a valley, perhaps,
Full of rest, and of blossoms, and dreams,
Where the wave of the river of quietude
laps,
And the mossy banks slope to the streams.
There are shelters, no doubt, from the
storm and the strife,
And dancing and music and cheer,
And a turn for the better in everyone’s
life—
Let us follow, and feel no fear!
— Boston Post

WORRY A POISON

Worry, like all other depressing emotions,
is a poison. Itis a short circuit that burns
out the mental batteries and destroys the
power for useful activity.

It is not merely a habit—it is a real disease.
It is not merely the surrender of the will to
morbid fancies or imaginary cause of anxiety
—1it is an actual disease, a real physical state,
as real as is indigestion, rheumatism or any
other bodily disease.

Within the last few years the emotions and
their influence upon the body have been made
the subject of laboratory study, and numerous
highly interesting, important and practical
facts have been developed. It is true that
the question, ‘“What is emotion?’’ still remains
unsolved, as does the greater and noble quest-
ion, What is the mind?”’ But the influence
of the various emotions upon the body is now
fairly well understood and can be described
in definite physiological terms and thus made
the subject of rational consideration.

The emotions are perhaps among the most
powerful of all the influences which affect the
body, and their specific effects present as de-
finite, as clearly defined characteristics as do
the effects produced by heat, cold, electricity
and other physical agents or such bodily states
as hunger, thirst and fatigue.—Good Health.

The victor is he who can go it alone.

BORROWED MIRTH

‘“‘Middleton always was a ‘bad egg,’” but
nobody seemed to notice it while he was rich.’’

‘“Yes, he was all right until he beca me
‘broke’!”’ :

S5

Diner— ‘‘See here, where are those oysters
I ordered on the half-shell?”’

Waiter—Don’t get impatient, sah. We’re
dreffle short on shells; but you’re next, sah.’’

5
Wife, sweetly: ‘‘Doyou know you’re grow-
ing quite handsome, John?’’
Husband: Yes; its a way I have when
gets anywhere near your birthday!”’

S
Tramp, overtaking young Simpkins on a
lonely road: ‘I say, young sir! Can yer
‘elp a poor feller wot’s ‘ard up? Al I ‘as in
the wurld is this stick an’ a loaded revolver!”’

K

Sunday School Teacher—Children, do you
know the house that is open to all-the poor,
the rich, the sad, the happy; to man and to
woman, to young, and to old—-do you know the
house I mean?

Small Boy—Yes, Miss—the station house.

o g

““That crazy nut over there got so violent
yesterday that the warden had to put him in
a strightjacket, ‘‘said the guard at the insane
asylum.

“Umph,’’ said the facetious visitor, ‘‘that’s
what I call it putting in a nutshell.

S

“I think I hear an alarm of fire!’’ said a
bored husband, watching a very dull play.
“I must go and see where it is.”’
wife, whose hearing was less acute, made
way for him in silence! ¢‘It wasn’t fire after
all,”” he said on his return. ‘‘Nor water

either!”’ said his wife caustically.

S

Caller: “‘I neticed your advertisement in
the paper this morning for a man to retail
imported canaries.’”” Proprietor of a bird
shop: ‘‘Yes; have you had any experience in
that line?’” Caller: ‘‘Oh, no; I merely felt
curious to know how the canaries lost their
tails!”’

it

His

S

Wife, pleadingly: I'm afraid, Oliver you
do not love me any more-as least not so much
as you used to.”” Husband; Why?”’ Wife:
‘“‘Because you always let me get up to light
the fire now.’”’ Husband: ‘‘Nonsense, my
dear! Your getting up to light the fire makes
me love you all the more!”’

S

Mr. Grimes (with great indignation) I’ve
finished with that fellow Skinner, absolutely
finished with him. He’s a bad one. He has
a lying tongue in his head.

Mrs. Grimes (sympathetically) —Dear me!
And only yesterday his wife told me that he
had false teeth.
