---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_144.jpg
---
4

WIS Pete WARIES Pt
Cubs 8822633 Ninth 37 23 617
Printers 37 23 617 Shed 8 52 133

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

WES LSS Pet: WPt
Brooklyn 70 44 614 Pittsburg 53 61 465
Boston 66 44 600 St. Louis 55 62 458
Phila. 66 48 579 Chicago 53 67 442
New York 54 58 482 Cinn. 46 76 377

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pct. J W. L. Pct.
Boston 70 44 588 | St. Louis 66 57 537
Detroit 67 56 545 Clev’land 66 58 532
Chicago 67 56 545 Washington 58 61 487
New York 65 56 537 Athletics 26 92 220

|
(Continued from st page)

Ninth 4—Printers 3

In one of the hardest foughtand most interest-
ing gamesof the season, the Printers went down
to defeat; losing out to the Ninth by the score
of 4—3.

Hagy, on the mound for the Printers, allowed
11 hits, struck out 7, and walked 4.

Charley for the Ninth, held the Printers to
7 hits, struck out 5, and walked 2.

Hump figured prominently in the Ninth’s
victory, walloping a double with the bases filled.

Score by innings as follows:

IRESEISi:
Rrimters: -~ ORORONISISNZOS08010=—=357=0
NBmEhse o 5 0001030000—4110

Doubles— Hump, Chick, Jim, Slats, Stump,
and Mac. —Umpire Fred.

Monday’s Games
Cubs—>5 Shed 1.

The Shed had the Cubs worried during the
first five innings, the score being 1 to 0 in the
Shed’s favor, but Stony, who had been pitch-
ing good ball, loosened up and *he Cubs
scored 5 runs, making the final score 5 to 1.

Boyd, on the mound for the Cubs, allowed 5
hits, and struck out 8.

Stony was touched for 10 hits, walked 1, and
struck out 5.

Jordan got his customary home run.

Score by innings as follows:

; LT
BlhaEe o - 0030, 9: 070751 4 0104 0
@ 100 000015010502 05==54 5550

Home run—]Jordon
Doubles—Reds, Jack and Tony.
Umpire—Fred.

Ninth 9—Printers 1

By playing superior ball and clever team
work the Ninth took another game from the
Printers to the score of 9—0.

The Printers were in poor form and did not
play with their usual snap. Jacoby pitched
an even game for the Ninth, striking out 8,
walking 2, and allowed but 4 hits.

Mack’s work on the mound for the Printers
was uneven at times. He was found for 15
hits and walked 3; struck out 7. Bobbie Brown
and Hump each made two clever double plays
giving zest to the game.

THE UMPIRE

E. S. P. CHOIR AND ORCHESTRA
HOLD SONG SERVICE

Sacred music and song held sway on the
Center at this institution on Sunday after-
noon last, showing to good advantage the
skilful blending of choir and orchestra un-
der the able guidance of Professor A. F.
Wiegandt.

The program, consisting of eight numbers,
was rendered in a pleasing manner that elic-
ited repeated applause by the assembled
guests and inmates, and it would be difficult
to say which selection was best, as all were
good. ‘‘Rocked in The Cradle of the Deep”’
was rendered by B 7962 as a baritone solo
with good effect.

Chaplain Joseph Welch was present and ex-
pressed his satisfaction to the men for their
even and tuneful singing. The Chaplain also
suggested that it would ‘‘not be difficult to
‘make good’ on the outside if they would con-
tinue to do as well as they are now doing on
the inside.’”’

G. A. R. VETERANS GATHER

It is reported from Kanas City, that all the
chief executive officers of the Grand Army “of
the Republic have arrived in that city for the
annual encampment of the veterans, organiza-
tion, which opened Saturday. Elias R. Mon-
fort of Cincinnati, commander-in-chief; John
M. Adams, of Cincinnati, adjutant general,
and C. D. R. Stowits, of BuffaloN. Y., quar-
termaster general, were among those who
reached there Monday.

The city is now filled with wearers of the
army blue. Decorators were busy putting

up flags and bunting in honor of the soldiers, -

and reviewing stands along the route of the
annual parade were being built.

PRINCE BURIED IN $6.00 COFFIN

A Paris report claims that the circumstances
of death and mysterious disappearance of the
body of Prince Maximilien of Hesse, the 20-
year-old nephew of the Kaiser, whose relatives
invoked the aid of the Pope in an effort to ob-
tain this information, are disclosed by a writer
in the Petit Parisien.

The writer asserts that the Prince was shot
during an engagement between a Saxon detach-
ment, and an English patrol near Godewaers-
velde, in northern France, early in the war.
He was found by Trappist monks and taken to
their monastery, where he died. The monks
were ordered to evacuate the monastery, and
Faiher Bernard, visiting the cloister on the
following day, found the body of the Prince
was missing.

The Peiit Parisien writer says the body re-
poses in the cemetery in Hazebrouck, buried
in a coffin costing 30 francs ($5.80), advanced
by a poor man out of pity.

The first branch of United States Marine
Corps reserve was organized at Lansdowne
training camp on Monday, with 164 members.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The outing of the 1st Section of the H. F.
C. Saturday afternoon was a pronounced suc-
cess. The Clerk of the Weather was pleased
to furnish his very best brand for the occa-
sion, and the boys felt themselves obliged to
reciprocate in kind, and did so, by showing
the best of cheerfulness and good-feeling.
Those who owned grouches were careful to
leave them behind in their apartments, and
show only a smiling gace to their fellows.
Thereby showing their wisdom, as there is no
asset like a smile. D

The wusual parade around the institution
grounds was held. Led by Grand Marshal,
A 8432, and his aides, the line made a very
creditable appearance. There was an abund-
ance of cheering music; there being two bands
in line; the first led by B 6765, while Prof.
Wiegandt led the second in person. An abun-
dance of good music certainly contributes to
excellence of marching. We feel compelled
to compliment the 1st Block in particular up-
on it’s fine appearance. The pennants of the
6th, 8th and 11th Blocks waved proudly in
the breeze,and gave the needed touch of co-
lor to the line.

Upon the disbanding of the parade the
members divided their attention between a
hotly contested ball-game—a game which end-
ed in disaster for the Club team, thus break-
ing a long record of victory—and the concert
by the H. F. C. Orchestra upon the sixth
Block lawn. The members responded to the
able leadership of Prof. Wiegandt and gave
us a real musical treat. During the inter-
mission B 7478 entertained us by singing the
tender little ballad, ‘‘Eyes of the World,”’
and made a great hit by his spirited rendition
of ‘“Dixie Land.”” B 5575, 6765, 5816 and
5853 gave us some fine instrumental music,
playing a couple of selections which were
much enjoyed by the audience. The new
white caps of the President, Vice-President
and others are the last word in chicuese, and
exicted much favorable comment. We fee]
we can safely assert that all enjoyed them-
selves and were happy in thus being allowed
to mingle freely with their fellows and
free for the moment of watch and ward.
Bound only by the sense of honor which is the
heritage of all, which burns in a greater, or
less degree in every breast. Sometimes al-
most choked by indifference and neglect; Yet
needing only sympathy and encouragement
to burn a clear and steady flame, and be the
light and guide of Life. Next Saturday,
September 2nd. Weather always permitting,
the following Blocks and Galleries compris-
ing the 2nd Section of the H. F. C. will be
out. 3 B. 4 B. 5 B. and gallery 7 B. & G. and
9 B. —By B 8266

H.F. C.—15 Blocks—15

In aloosely played game the Blocks won a
victoty ever the HEBESC *by: the score of Sl
1%

Slats pitched for the Blocks, and allowed 17
hits. struck out8, and walked 5, ‘

Maek twirled for the H. F. C. and was
found for 27 hits, walking 3 and striking out 10.
