---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_145.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, September 6, 1916

NO. 35

VILLA LEADS LARGE FORCE RAILROAD STRIKE AVERTED BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

FOR RAID ON BORDER

Defeats Carranza’s Men and Seizes Rail-
way Train to Bring Troops North

Latest reports from El Paso, Tex., claim
that Villa is making his way toward the Amer-
ican lines in Mexico and is heading toward
the American border as a last desperate ef-
fort to rally the thousands of Villistas on the
American side of the boundary with another
spectacular raid across the border like that
at Columbus.

This was the official report received from
General Jacinth Trevino at Chihuahua City
by General Gonzales at Juarez in a request
for all available men who can be sent out to
intercept Villa and his men and prevent them
from reaching Namiquipa and El Valle, where
the American troops are stationed. Three
hundred Juarez troops were rushed south.

Villa, with a force recruited as a result of
his victories near Satevo, to about one thou-
sand men, attacked General Elizondo in the
vicinity of Santa Ysabel and forced him to
fall back toward Chiahuaha City, according
to late private dispatches received here. Aft-
er the engagement Villa seized a freight train
on the Mexico Northwestern, which he set his
men to converting into a troop train.

A Mexican was taken from a trainat Ysifta
and is being held in the Fort Bliss guard-
house on suspicion of being Hipolito Villa.

From Chihuahua City it is reported that
prior to taking Satevo, Villa announced his
intention of leading his command to the Tex-
as border, there to be joined by revolution-
ists who have been living in the United
States and with whom he has been in com-
munication, according to several members of
his command captured at San Fermin, Chia-
huahua, Colonel Isidore Cardona reported
Monday.

Batting Averages of Players Batting .300 and

Over, Including Game of Sept 1.

No. Name A.b. Hits Pct.
B 7664 Jake 182 78 429.
B 7685 Hagy 196 78 396.
B 6353 Jore 174 69 396.
B 4994 Toney 15 3 333.
B 7025 Clarkey 18 6 3335
B 8219 Baum. 128 52 329.
B 7471 Chick 213 68 314.
B 7846 Jack 204 65 314.
B 8158 Spitz 144 45 Sil 28
B 7759 Lucky 163 59 306.
B 7476 Casey 159 48 302.
B 6835 Albie 179 54 SO1%
B 5556 Stump 163 49 301.

B 6286 Secretary

BY PASSAGE OF EIGHT-
HOUR BILL

President Signed Bill Shortly After Ar-

rival at Washington

According to the latest dispatches from
Washington, it is now believed that all dan-
ger of a country-wide railroad strike has
been averted, for the present at least, by
the action of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, in passing the eight-hour bill
for railroad workers. The bill also calls for
the appointment of a commission to investi-
gate the effect of it on railroads and their
employes. It is said that this measure will
be satisfactory to the brotherhoods.

The provisions of the Adamson eight-hour
railroad bill are as follows:

( ““That, beginning January 1, 1917, the
standard work day, for the purpose of reck-
oning compensation for employes on steam
railways more than one hundred miles long,
engaged in interstate commerce, shall be
eight hours.

““That a presidential commission of three
shall be appointed.

‘““That the commission shall observe the oper-
ation of the eight-hour standard work day for
not less than six months nor more than nine
months.

‘““That 30 days thereafter the members shall
make their report.

““That daily wages shall not be reduced below
the present amount for a longer day during
the investigation, and overtime pay shall be
pro rata.

“That any person violating any provision of
the act shall be guilty of amisdemeanor and
upon conviction shall be fined not less than $100
and not more than $1000, or imprisoned not to
exceed one year, or both.”’

Seek Record by Trip Around Globe

The motor-ship Siam will sail from Point
Breeze for Japan via the Panama Canal on a
voyage around the world during which she
will not stop for fuel. The Siam left Copen-
hagen last July for Philadelphia with her blast
tanks full of oil, under charter to load 240,000
cases of refined petroleum for Kobe, Japan.

The vessel’s average speed is 12 knots. From
Kobe she will g» to Vladivostok to load beans
for Denmark.

Captain Hansen, who is in command, antic-
ipates no difficulty in making the entire trip
on the oil he will leave here with today.

The Bakers won a well contested game
from the Cooks on Labor Day, by the score
of 4—3.

Wednesday’s Games

Score by innings as follows:

R. H. E.
Printers® s ses-us 000000100—1 4 O
Ninthe = —aie s 1507230231 0 00Nl

Ninth 14—Shed 1

Dr. Bird, the Ninth Block’s mascot, put
a ‘‘Jinx’’ on the Shed, and the Ninth romped
away with them, winning by the score of
14 to 1.

Spooky, on the mound for the Ninth, al-
lowed only 1 hit, struck out 4, and walked 4.

Stoney started off for the Shed, but gave
way to Blackie in the third inning. There
was a total of 11 hits made off the two; they
struck out 7, and walked 8.

Score by innings as follows:

R. HIE:
Ninths thess s 232160000—14110
Shedis. - 2. 200 0 1.0.0.000-— 11880

Triple— Spooky.

Doubles—Petrillo, Dick, Spooky, Williams-
port, Lucky and Davis.

Umpire—Fred.

Thursday’s Games
Printers 6—Cubs 4

Printers put up a good front, and won from
the Cubs by the score of 6—4.

Hagy was in good form and pitched aneven
game for the Printers, striking out 6, walk-
ing 2, and allowing but 5 hits.

Boyd, who replaced Albie after the 4th inn-
ing, proved effective, and seemingly had no
difficulty in holding the Printers to 4 hits.
He struck out 2, and allowed no walks.

The Cubs were somewhat listless in the
fore part of the game.

Score by innings as follows: :
R.H. E

Drinters BIEDSE e 02022000—6 80
Cib i i 00,0020 0 2240582

Doubles—Baumgartner-2, Mack, Jordan-2,
Reds, and Fats, Slats and Hagy.

Umpire—Banks.

Score by innings as follows:

Ninth oz .. —---.021 1010005880
Nipth o _—=_ = 01 .3:0.0:0 0 0 0=—4506 8

Friday’s Games

Printers 3—Cubs 2

In one the most interesting games of the
season, the Printers won from the Cubs, in
a nine-inning contest, by the score of 3—2.

It was a pitchers’ battle from the beginning,
and there were also many spectacular catches
made by the outfielders en both sides.

(Continued on fourth page.)
