---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_146.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

—“——“__:—ﬁ——_*

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

- Devoted to the interest and entertainmentof its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and given to the Overseer, who will see to
their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia September 6, 1916

1389. Females
Last serial number B 8334.

Prison PorurLaTION—Males
24. Total 1413.

FAIR PLAY FOR EX-CONVICTS

Among the numerous articles that have ap-
peared in the various papers of late, treating
of thelex-convict and his problems, we be-
lieve the following editorial, taken from the
columns of a local paper, to be most edify-
ing, and worthy of repeating for the benefit
of our readers.

““In every well-run family the child who
disobeys or is ‘naughty’ is punished.

“For instance, ‘Junior’ grabs his sister’s
doll and breaks it. Sitting as court and jury,
his mother finds him guilty, sentences him to
a spanking and administers it. Or he may be
sent to bed or deprived of some play-liberty
for the day.

“In any event, his debt is canceled when
he has paid the penalty imposed for his mis-
deed. We never have heard of a well-run
family in which such an offender has been
told, a week after, that he couldn’t g0 on a
‘picnic or play croquet ‘because you broke
your sister’s doll.’

‘“‘Such a course would make a youngster
doubt the existence of justice. If old enough,
he might wonder why his father was not
compelled to pay a certain bill twice. Nor
would such logic be faulty, under the circum-
-stances.

‘“Let ‘Junior’ grow to manhood and, in a
fit of temper or while drunk, crack some fel-
low’s skull. His mother, the state, finds him
guilty of aggravated assault and sentences
him to a few years in prison. But for proof
of previous good behavior—or intoxication,
which is the major cause of all crime—his
term might be longer.

“Like a majority of the men sent to prison,
however, he is not a criminal, but a vietim
of mental lacks or misdirected energy. He is
not a ‘bad man.” With anything like cor-
- rective treatment while in prison, probably
he will come out better than he went in. At
least, this is a reasonable expectation under
~the system of enlightened penology now
becoming general.

“For good conduct, his term is shortened.
Or he is paroled before having served it out.

In the one case the state says to him in ef-
fect, ‘You have paid your debt. Your ac-
count is squared. Go back to honest, peace-
able living.” In the other case it says, ‘You
have shown a desire and ability to live hon-
estly and peaceably. Go out and show your-
self capable of such a life and you need not
come back.’

‘“‘He walks out of the big iron gates—and
what happens?

‘““Unfortunately, in most instances, his ex-
perience is like that of a man whose story
caused us many years ago to resolve that no
chance to further fair play for ex-convicts
ever should be lost.

‘That man had served a short term in the
Eastern Penitentiary for burglary. Under
stress of circumstances which might have
caused many a one to stumble he entered a
shop one night and stole a small quantity of
things he needed. He was caught, and
pleaded guilty. The judge gave him five
years.

““His prison conduct was so exemplary that
when he walked out, a free man, the warden
said he wished he could give him a good job.

“‘I’ll have no trouble getting one,’ an-
swered the man. ‘I never wanted to lead a
wrong life, and my experience here has
helped me to avoid falling again.’

““Within a week he was working in a Ken-
sington factory. He had been there ten days,
doing his task admirably, when the foreman
called him aside one morning and told him
he would have to stop work.

“‘I'm sorry, for you are a good worker.
But some of the men have heard about you,
and they would make trouble if we kept you.’

““A few days later he got a clerical job, in a’
shipping house on the river front. After a
week of satisfactory service, he was dismissed
for the same reason as that given in the faec-
tory. Still undiscouraged, he sought and got
employment in a Chestnut street grocery
store. Within two weeks his pay was raised,
but a few days afterward the manager sent
for him. ]

‘“‘Some of our clerks have heard you are
an ex-convict and demand your discharge,’
said this official.  ‘If I were the only one con-
cerned, I would let you stay, but you see my
position. We cannot keep you.’

*‘The ‘ex-convict’ looked his employer

-Square in the eye.

“‘I have served a term in prison—for bur-
glary,” he said. ‘I am not a burglar, how-
ever, and I came out determined to work
honestly. I thought I had settled my score
with the state, but it looks as if I had some-
thing else to deal with—a curious conception
of Christianity. Of course, I will leave. But
you are sending me back to prison. I will
have to resort to theft now to keep alive.
And not being a clever thief at allI will be
caught.’

““With that he left, and two weeks later he
was again entered on the books of the Eastern
Penitentiary.

‘““His spirit was broken. He had stolen a

RELIGIOUS SERVICE

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General service are keld on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clocks every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturday’s at
the Band-room.

small sum of money, but only after others had
stolen from him that faith in fellow-beings
which makes men worth while and keeps them
useful.

““If Henry Ford had then been in his pres-
ent business and that man had wandered his
way, perhaps he would have become a big
man in that vast factory.

“For today one of Mr. Ford’s highest-sal-
aried lieutenants is a man who only a few
years ago was serving a sentence in a West-
ern prison. He was pardoned, and the De-
troit manufacturer employed him knowing all
about his past. And because of that knowl-
edge doing all he could to help him work out
a profitable future!

““As the Founder of the Christian religion
did when  He chose for His right-hand man
one who had been persecuting Christians!

“So we cannot speak of this asthe ‘new
humanity,’ though it was so long lost in the
shadow of ignorance and injustice that its
present appearance does more resemble birth
than resurrection.

“To all intents and purposes it is a new
humanity, however. And in every part of
the broad field of penology, as well as in
scores of other fields equally important, it is
making for a saner and more Christian at-
titude and juster methods of dealing with
wrongdoers.

‘“Naturally, one of its first aims has been to

correct, if possible, the great injustice ex-

emplified in the incident just related. Not
only because of the unfairness involved, but
because this ‘ex-convict’ stigma is one of
the chief causes for a return to misdeeds, this
phase of the prison problem has been given
serious consideration by many who are sin-

~cerely desirous of finding a way out.

‘“To deny that itis a most difficult matter
to handle is to confess ignorance of human
nature. And until the advent of a Henry
Ford, who comes right out and says he only
regrets he cannot employ thousands more ex-
convicts than he does, and who has no trouble
keeping his other employes because of this
stand, it seemed far from solution.

““This pioneer in more than one field of eco-
nomics and sociology has proved that his plan
is workable—or, perhaps, it has fallen to his
lot to be the first to reveal the turn in the
tide! We do not wish to detract a dot from
whatever credit is due him, although we would

(Continued on page 3.)
