---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_148.jpg
---
e e e o iR o ms s e e e hd andie i chdng £

g - # —

R e e

Ry € R S g e B — T e R ek

2

STANDING OF THE E. S. P. LEAGUE

W Lo Pcte W. L. Pet.
Printers 39 23 629 Cubs 38 24 613
Ninth 89 23 629 Shed 8 54

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W SIUSE Pty W. L. Pct.

THE UMPIRE

LABOR DAY CELEBRATION
BY E.S. P. BAND

Labor Day was fittingly observed at this ti
129 institution by a band concert under the able

direction of Prof. A. F Wiegandt.
The programme, which is printed below,
was specially selected for the occasion, and its

clever rendition by the E. S. P. Band elicited
i SRR e
1ia. 1cCago
Brooklyn 72 49 595 | St.Louis 56 73 434 PROGRAMME
New York 58 60 492 | Cinn. 50 80 385 R o
Entry March Hall
‘““New Colonial”’
AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING 5 L
America
1 March Doring
W. L. Pct. W. L. Pct. DSt Oy et
Boston 73 54 575 | St. Louis 69 52 526 ha R nesting
Detroit 74 57 565 | Clev'land 68 63 519 2 Fantasia Wallace
Chicago 72 58 554 | Washington 64 63 504 ““Maritania’’
New York - 68 61 527 Athletics 28 98 222 3 Waltz “‘Skaters’’ Waldeufel
(Continued from st page.) 4 Serenade ‘‘Amina’> Lincke
Mae, on the mound for the Printers, allowed INTERMISSION
only four hits, struck out 9, and walked 1. b S laction Verds

Boyd, for the Cubs, allowed 6 hits, struck

out 7, and walked 1.
Score by innings as follows:

““El Trovatore’’
6 Patrol ‘‘Blue and Gray’’ Cox

7 Selection Verdi

R.H. E ““Aida’’
Rrintersi e bae: OSOR0ROSISIRORE 1—3 6 0 8 Rag “Two Key” Hollander
Gubosrns -~ . 1'0010000.0—2.41 9 March “King Karl”’ Unrath

Double, Pidge.
Umpire—Fred.

Ninth 14—Shed 0

The Shed team seemed unable to play ball
at the garage grounds, which resulted in
their losing the game to the Ninth by the
score of 14 to 0.

Charley was in the box for the Ninth, and
pitched an even game, striking out 8, walk-
ing 3, and allowing but 1 hit.

Hamilton opened the game for the Shed,
and was found for 9 hits, walking 8, and
striking out 8.

Stoney replaced him in the sixth inning,
and finished the game. ‘

Manager Leo will have to put more “‘pep’’
in his team if he expects to make a showing.

Score by innings as follows:

R. H. E
INEmEhe T 014036000—14130
Shedas- o0 . ORUROSUS0R0 202080 =S 6

Home run— Williamsport.
Double— Petrillo.
Umpire—Banks.

Black Demons 5—All-Stars—4

Big Slim started on the mound for the
Black Demons, and pitched good ball until re.
placed by Banks in the fifth inning. There
were 7 hits registered off the bat; they
walked 5 and struck out 6.

Hagy was on the mound for the All-Stars
until the fifth inning; he then gave way to

Boyd. Off the two there were 10 hits; they
walked 1 and struck out 11.
Score by innings as follows:
ROEHFH
Black Demons___ 00022100 0—5 10 0
dllsStars . o 0001012251 004 7.7 %0
Home run by Evans, and Big Slim, were

the features of the game.

‘‘Star Spangled Banner’’
Exit March Rosaukasa
““Chief of Staff’’

FORD’S NAME CARVED ON
ROCK BY BURROWS

A correspondent from Roxbury, N. Y.,
states that John Burrough, the naturalist, is a
great admirer of Henry Ford, whom he ex-
pects to have as a guest during the summer.

In a descriptive article the writer goes on
to say that when Mr. Ford arrives at Rox-
bury, ‘‘he will find his name immortalized in
John E. Burroughs’s own handwriting. It is
engraved in solid rock beside the road a few
rods from Woodchuck Lodge, Mr. Burroughs’
Roxbury cottage in the mountains. The nat-
uralist put it there with a hammer and
chisel which Mr. Ford sent him for' the pur-
pose, and thereby hangs a tale.

‘““Two years ago Mr. Ford was visiting Mr.
Burroughs in Roxbury and one day, time was
hanging heavily on their hands. On this par-
ticular day Mr. Burroughs said to Mr. Ford:

‘““‘Ford, I have a lot over across the road
which has not been of any use to me because
it is full of rocks, and I don’t know what to
do about it.’

“Mr. Ford being a practical man, replied:

‘““‘Why don’t we go over and clear them
out?” So, for two whole weeks, with the oc-
casional assistance of a couple of farmhands,
John Burroughs and Henry Ford dragged
rocks out of that field. Mr. Burroughs ad-
mitted that they paused occasionally and
there was a day once in a while when they
did other things, but the fact remains that
the field is now clear of boulders. In honor
of his distinguished helper, Mr. Burroughs
has named the plot ‘the Ford Field.’ ’’

- something drop.

““——
e e ————————————————————————————————eeeeemeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee o

HONOR CLUB NOTES

We feel sure that the members of 2nd Sec-
on of the H. F. C thoroughly enjoyed their
Saturday half holiday. The weather, perhaps
regretting its morning sulkiness, was well
nigh perfect; and the boys tried faithfully to
be in accord with it.

The parade led the event of the afternoon,
and we regret to say, what should have been
a fine appearing line was marred by too
much straggling and slovenly marching.
There were two bands in the line, and their
playing was quite up to their fine standard.
So you can’t blame it on the music, boys.

Brace up, keep step, keep the alignment.
March as though you meant to get some-
where, instead of lounging along with an I-
don’t-care-what-happens-to-me manner. Let’s
all resolve to dobetter next time. And please
don’t drop out of line until the order for dis-
bandment is given.

We don’t aim to be military, but we aim to
please. Let everybody obey orders cheer-
fully and the thing is done. Also, we notice
that some still persist in smoking while in
line, whether from ignorance or carelessness,
we do not know. Attention has frequently
been called to the fact that this is a violation
of the rules of the Club, and the officers feel
that forbearance has ceased to be a virtue.
Those continuing in this practise will hear
The officers of the Club
wish to make it as easy for you as they can,
are constantly seeking to add to your privi-
leges, but unless you willingly co-operate with
them their efforts must prove vain. Theirs
is the responsibility, and they cannot neglect
their duty.

We were pleased to note the presence of
Mr. Dipple, one of our honorary members,
who circulated among the boys, speaking words
of cheer. May his tribe increase. The Band,
exceptionally well conducted by Prof. Wieg-
andt, surpassed itself in its concert given on
the 6th Blocklawn. Its rendition of the pop-
ular march, ‘‘The Stars and Stripes Forever’’
was particularly appreciated. We are justly
proud of our band and its leader. During
the intermission the members were enter-
tained by B 7525, 7867, 8252, 7825, an excellent
quartette who sang ‘‘Just a Dream’’ in such
manner as to win two encores. The colored
quartette by B 8068, 8239, 8282, 7725 also
sang a couple of selections, and B 5575 gave
a cornet solo with accompaniment. On be-
half of our fellow-members we wish to thank
you for your efforts to add to the afternoon’s
enjoyments, and we assure you of our hearty
appreciation.

Next Saturday afternoon, September 9,
weather permitting, the following Blocks and
Galleries forming the first section of the H.
F. C. will be out: First B. 8-11-6-G. 12 B.
and First and Second Gallery, and 10th Block.

By 8266. Rep. Del., B 7819—5602.

H. F. C. 6—Blocks 2

Base on balls; off Charlie 4, off Silly 5.
Struck out; by Charlie 10, by Silly 10.
