---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_149.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, September 16, 1916

NO. 36

CONGRESS PASSES RETALIA-
TORY MEASURE BEFORE
ADJOURNING

* President Empowered to Retaliate for
Blacklist—Commercial War May
Follow—Can Forbid Clearance

of British Shipping

Congress passed the general revenue bill
before adjourning, which embodies a program
of retaliation against Great Britain and her
Allies was provided by the Senate in the form
of amendments to the general revenue bill.
The retaliatory measures which the President
is authorized to take are drastic, and the
significant thing about the Senate’s action is
that it was approved in advance by the State
Department.

In diplomatic establishments the Senate’s
course is regarded as a serious menace to
continued good relations between the United
States and the Governments of Great Brit-
ain. If what was done by the Senate is en-
acted into law, the President, it is contended,
will find himself empowered to undertake a
policy of non-intercourse. This, it is sug-
gested, will lead to commercial warfare, with
all that such a warfare may mean to rela-
tions between this Government and the Allies.

The far-reaching importance of this legis-
lation is fully understood here. Both polit-
ical parties in the Senate are in accord with
respect to it and it is not doubted, in view of
that fact and the additional force it obtains
through the approval of the Wilson Admin-
istration, thatit will be accepted by the House.

The most drastic amendment adopted by
the Senate was offered by Senator Thomas,
of Colorado, a Democrat and a firm friend of
the Administration. It provided that the
President during a war in which the United
States was not engaged could withhold clear-
ance from all vessels which discriminated
against American shippers and withhold priv-
ileges from vessels of nations which with-
held privileges from American shipping.
The amendment authorized the President to
use the army and navy of the United States
_to prevent the departure of offending ships.

The ease with which the amendment was
adopted showed how thoroughly the Senate
was in accord with the purpose of this drastic
provision. The amendment is aimed partic-
ularly at vessels which refuse to carry ship-
ments of firms on the British blacklist. A
fine of not less than $2000 or more than $50,-
000, or imprisonment not to exceed two
years, or both fine and imprisonment, are the
penalties provided for violation of the amend-
ment.

U. S. MAIL RIFLED IN
QUEST OF TRADE SECRETS

Lloyd George Exposes Policy of British
Government Officials—Arouses In-
dignation in the U. S.'—Vigorous
American Protests to Follow

Considerable indignation is being manifest-
ed in this country, says a Washington corre-
spondent, on account of the extension of the
British mail censorship from its original pur-
pose of destroying all trade to or from Ger-
many, to the field of providing data for
Great Britain’s fight for commercial suprem-
acy, is seen here in admissions made by David
Lloyd- George, the War Secretary, before
Parliament, just reccived in full in this coun-
try. Lloyd George said:

‘It is the practise to communicate to other
departments concerned any information on
matters of public interest which may be ob-
tained through the censorship for such use to
be made of it as the particular department
may consider advisable. * * * The Gov-

ernment is perfectly in its right in using any .

information which comes to it in these condi-
tions for any public and national purpose.’’

This statement, made recently in response
to questions by members of the House of
Commons, created a stir there as well as in
this country. It apparently had been cen-
sored out of cable dispatches to the United
States. When asked about the matter to-
night, Secretary Lansing said it had been
called to the attention of the State Depart-
ment officially, but declined to make any
comment at this time.

It is understood, however, that the Depart-
ment will take a most serious view of Lloyd
George’s interpretation of the British War
Office’s power, and will protest more vigor-
ously than ever against interference with
neutral mails on the high seas.

Although  the American Government
has contended strongly against the wholesale
detention and seizures of mail between
neutral countries, as in violation of in-
ternational law, so far there has been no
formal charge that improper use was being
made of information gleaned from opened
neutral correspondence, but the open avowal
of interference has caused a new and dan-
gerous turn of affairs to continued friendly
relations with England.

A late dispatci: from Rome states that
Italy is compiling a blacklist of firms in neu-
tral countries which are in close business re-
lations with the enemies’ countries. It is
not expected to affect friendly relations with
this country.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games

Printers 6—Cubs 6

The Printers and Cubs played an interest-
ing ball game at the Storehouse grounds,
which finally resulted in a tie. Things seem-
ed to favor the Printers until the sixth inning,
when the Cubs made three runs, tying the
score.

The features of the game were Mack’s high
ball over the fifth block roof, allowing a home-
run, and Jordan’s race around the circuit in
the sixth inning.

Mack pitched good ball, allowing but 5 hits
and three walks, striking out 6.

Boyd did the honors for the Cubs, holding
his opponents down to 5 hits and 2 walks,
with 7 strikeouts to his credit.

Score by innings as follows:

3 RUHSTES
R TELS REri s 002130000—6 5 0
EubsE e St 010023000—6 5 1

Home runs—Mack and Jordan.
Doubles—Stump, Boston Jimmy, and Boyd.
Umpire—Banks.

Ninth 8—Shed 0

Spookey, on the mound for the Ninth, shut
out the Shed, allowing only 1 hit, the final
score being 8—0.

Stoney, for the Shed, was hit hard, there
being a total of 12 safe drives; he walked 3,
and struck out 9.

Spookey walked 2, and struck 9.

Score by innings as follows:

RIS ES
Nint e s e PPk 210311000—8 12 0
Shedr IV A s GE0R0N0 0007 0M0—=0 0 ==0)
Doubles, Hump, and Dick.
Umpire—Fred.
Thursday’s Games
Printers 3—Cubs 3
Thursday’s game at the Storehouse

grounds, between the Printers and Cubs,
proved intensely interesting to a large as-
sembly of ‘‘fans,’”” and resulted in a tie.

At several periods of the game this situa-
ation was critical, nerving the players to do
their best.

Boyd pitched for the Cubs, and allowed 4
hits, walking 2, and striking out 7.

Hagy held the mound for the Printers, and
proved equal to the job, though found for 7
hits; 4 strikeouts and 3 walks finished the
bill.

The features of the game was Spitz’s dou-
ble play in the first inning, Mack’s high-fly,
and a three-bagger of Taylor and Albie.

Score by innings as follows.

(Continued on fourth page.)
