---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_150.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainmentof its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and given to the Overseer, who will see to
their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, September 13, 1916

Prison PoruraTioON—Males 1392. Females
24. Total 1416. Last serial number B 8341.

LET US HAVE FAIR PLAY

The great disparity often found between
the editorial page and the news columns in
some of the prominent newspapers has fre-
quently been the cause for comment. Es-
pecially does this hold true of the prisoner
undergoing punishment, and the man who
has paid the penalty for his lapse from the
straight and narrow path of the law-abiding.

Pointing out the need of a more just atti-
tude from the offending outside press, Good
Words says:

‘““For the man in prison, many a paper shows
a fair and even a friendly attitude editorially,
we reiterate, yet will allow news items to
creep in which are erroneous, or misleading
and often positively hurtful to the one being
punished and especially so to his innocent
family. That this is unjust, needs no argu-
ment.

‘‘As important as these suggested improve-
ments are, there is another vastly more so.
We refer to the newsman’s story of the re-
leased prisoner. We know not what consider-
ation or influence actuates it. That is imma-
terial. But to regale readers with a detailed
account of the old offense on the day of pris-
oner’s release into a none too friendly world—
is not this absolutely inhuman?

““Will not the newspapers combine, through
sheer force of noble impulse, to the end that
they may help lift up the man whose sen-
tence is over? Will they not use their powerful
influence to help him rise again with a fair
fighting chance to undo, atone and to rebuild the
structure of his future life on nobler, lasting
foundations? We are sure this is not asking
too much. Remember, the debt to the state
18 pard. Encourage him to start right. For-
get the past.

““With the power of the press allied to the
more friendly attitude of employers of labor
and with the growing belief of practical broth-
erhood becoming daily more strongly ex-
erted in his favor, the prisoner will face the day
of release with brighter hope and greater de-
termination than ever before.

“We believe that our judgment is right as

to the desire of the newspaper to help us.

‘‘And we are confident that the sober sec-
ond thought of the press of the country, in so
far as it reads this appeal, will rise respon-
sively to our respectful request.’’

“ADVISERS” TO PAROLED MEN

A writer in a recent number of the——
Monitor tells of a plan of having ‘‘an
adviser’” to each man paroled from the
Minnesota state prison, and the state reform-
atory has proved so successful in Minnesota
that Charles E. Vasaly of the state board of
parole, and sponsor of the plan of the Pris-
oners’ Aid Society here, is asking for more
business men to act in the capacity of next
friend to paroled men.

‘““Nearly ever paroled man in Minnesota has
an adviser, a business man who makes it his
task to see that every step of the former
prisoner is passed on and counseled before it
is taken.

‘““Whether contemplating marriage, change
of position or merely a holiday, many paroled
men formerly sought advice of the state board,
but that has been changed,’’ said Mr. Vasaly.
“Hundreds of good citizens throughout the
state, at least one in ever county, have taken
that from our shoulders and are giving the
paroled men aid and guidance far superior to
that which the board could offer. Thy are
‘brothering’ the men, reintroducing them in-
to society and aiding them to become useful
members of their communities.

““There is the recent case of a paroled youth
whose adviser is a banker. The former pris-
oner wrote the other day that he thought so
much of his friend and wanted so heartily to
show his appreciation of his kindness, thathe
had opened an account in his patron’s bank.
There may be a humorous side to that, but
the fact that the man has been prompted to
save his earnings should not be overlooked.
Hundreds of similar instances of the invalu-
able service given by the advisers might be
instanced.

““The adviser—best friend might be a better
name—is not expected to furnish his man
work or money, but friendship and counsel;
to cheer him and guide him against going
astray and to make him feel that in the world
there is at least one man who holds toward
him the attitude of a genuine friend and well
wisher.

““Mr. Vasaly said that the need for volun-
teer advisers is great in the Twin Cities es-
pecially, because of the tendencies of the
paroled men to go to the larger cities for
employment.’’

EVERY-DAY OPTIMISM

The importance of every-day optimism
should not be overlooked. It finds expression
in the now familiar slogan, ‘‘Smile,”’ which,
in printed characters, hangs over the desks
of so many men of broad viewpoint.

Optimism is an asset for an individual, for
a business house, and in the conduct of civie
and public movements of whatever character.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

_Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

It was a quality that distinguished the region’s
pioneers, the men who wrought worthily - and
effectively in the early history making days
of Scranton, when the foundations were laid
for the future of this bustling, busy commu-
nity where the spirit of change, improvement
and advancement still thrives and looks to
constant progress.

Optimism must be cultivated just as consist-
ently and as patiently to-day as it was in those
times when out of small beginnings the struc-
ture of the city was reared. It should not be
a thing of fits and flashes but an every-day
quality to make onerous tasks light.

Optimism is the rainbow gilding real per-
formance, bespeaking encouragement for
worthy deeds, for fine undertakings, and for
persistent and successful endeavor. No other
inherent quality has figured more largely in
the great affairs that have marked the prog-
ress of civilization toward general better-
ment. — Exchange

DO SOMETHING FOR SOMEBODY

Do something for somebody somewhere—
While jogging along life’s road;

Help some one to carry his burden
And lighter will grow your load.

Do something for somebody gladly—
"Twill sweeten your every care;
In sharing the sorrow of others
Your own are less hard to bear.

Do something for somebody striving—
To help where the way seems long
And the homeless hearts that languish—

Cheer up with a little song.

Do something for somebody always
Whatever may be your creed—
There’s nothing on earth can help you
So much as a kindly deed.
— Author Unknown.
PICTURES
Walls without pictures are like houses with-
out windows; pictures are loopholes of escape
to the mind, leading it to other scenes and
spheres, as it were through the frame of an
exquisite picture, where the fancy for a mo-
ment may revel, refreshed and delighted.
Pictures are consolers of loneliness; they are

a sweet flattery to the imagination.—Gulbert.. Lol

The finest life lies oft in doing finely
A multitude of unromantic thimgs.

- 5
