---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_151.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

TURN EVERYTHING TO ADVANTAGE

There is scarcely a day in our lives when we
do not meet with a rebuff of some kind some-
where—when we are not suddenly called to
take measure of ourselves and our social
relation.

Nine times out of ten, if we will impar-
tially study the rebuffs that come to us, we
will find that we have been in some degree
transgressors ourselves.

We must learn to be philosophical in all that
comes to us, to learn to turn everything to
our advancement.

We must learn that we make better prog-
ress when some one is after us. We are
more alert and apprehensive then.

- A slap on the shoulder is a good thing, but
a prod is better yet—just ‘‘a word to the
wise is sufficient.’”’

We must learn to hold the whip-hand over
ourselves at all times—to be keener against
ourselves than any one can possibly be.

If we would win we must hold the balance
of power against ourselves in our own hands.

We must be a spur to ourselves.

Plato said, ‘‘Know thyself.”’

We must study the supreme ego that dwells
within us, studying and fortifying its weak-
nesses and strongholds. We must determine
to be victor over every rebuff and to never
let the soul know defeat.

Defeat comes only when we have not lived
up to our highest possibilities.

We must let only a supreme ‘‘I will”’ pos-
Sess us.

We must learn to be adepts in the art of
winning—to turn the ‘‘slings of outrageous
fortune’’ to our advantage.

A daily self-examination of ourselves will
lead to this. Above all must it be done
when rebuffs come to us. We must learn not
to take them resentfully, but rather to use
them as a magnifying glass with which to
discover our weaknesses and thus forewarn us.

We must hold the whip-hand of impartial
judgment ever.
Then we are captains of our destiny.
— Annie Miller Knapp.

TURNING SAWDUST TO ACCOUNT

It is a fact known to few that more than
20,000 tons of wood flour, valued at $300,000,
are used annually in the United States in two
widely different industries, the manufacture
of dynamite and the manufacture of inlaid
linoleum. :

Wood flour is also used in making composi-
tion flooring, oatmeal paper, and in several
other industries. It forms one of the means
by which the huge waste product of our lum-
ber mills is beginning to find some better
means of disposal than the burner. Since a
total of 36,000,000 cords of such waste is pro-
duced each year at saw-mills in the United
States, of which about one-half goes into the
furnaces as fuel, while the rest is burned as
refuse to dispose of it, there is nolack of raw
material for industries which can develop
ways of turning this waste to account.

IT DOESN’T PAY

After due consideration #nd serious med-
itation

On man, his evil thoughts and evil ways,

I can reach but one conclusion, that is
stealing’s a delusion ‘

And like other bad investments, never
pays.

You may rob a bank and break it, or ‘‘stick
’em up’’ and take it,

But in the end you haven’t got a cent,

For on women, wine, late hours,

And such things that sap your powers,

You will spend it and then wonder where it
went.

And when you’ve finished spending,

To your erstwhile friend a lending

You’ll find yourself in prison doing time,

Then you’ll take the same old vow:

Knew I then what I know now,

I would never have committed any crime.

With your pockets full of ‘‘%kale,”’

While you keep out of jail.

These friends had promised with you to abide.

Though they swore they’d stick like glue,

You now find that they’re not true

Like the rose with its scent you’ve cast
aside.

You may get by for a while,

Prance along with a broad smile,

Serene in the knowledge that you’re wise,

But when there comes the fall

For some trivial little haul,

It’s a very dis-a-gree-a-ble surprise.

—The O. P. News.

THE CAPTIVE'S SONG

The habit of the thistle-bird, which always
sings persistently when in trouble of any
sort, is a good thing to imitate. A gentle-
man living in the village of Silver Creek,
Nebraska, had heard under his window, for
many successive days, the persistent song of
one of those little birds, and finally called the
song to the attention of a naturalist friend
who constantly studied birds and their ways.
Upon investigating the source of the notes,
the friend discovered that the thistle-bird
was a captive in its nest. A ladder was
brought, and bird and nest were taken down
for examination.

One leg of the little prisoner had become en-
tangled in the wool which formed the nest’s
lining, and it took twenty minutes of pains-
taking effort before the leg was freed. When
this was done, the spectators were greatly
surprised to see the bird fly away, a trifle un-
steadily but apparently not at all injured.
The bird’s parents or some of its feathered
friends had kept it supplied with food during
its captivity. But the remarkable part of the
story is that its habit of singing was the
cause of its release.—Fxchange.

To know how to say what other people
only dare to think, is what makes men sages;
and to dare to say what others only dare to
think, is what makes them martyrs, or re-
formers. ’

BORROWED MIRTH

Novelist—‘“How are my novels going?”’
Bookseller’’— “‘I can’t imagine, sir, unless it’s
shoplifters.”’

&

““I thought the old man left all of his money
to charity.”’
“‘Oh, no—to charitable institutions.’’
S
Sympathetic old lady: ‘‘Have you lost
yourself, little boy?’’ Little boy: ‘No—boo
—hoo—but I’ve found a street I don’t know.”’

S

‘““There is only one way to make aviation
safe.”’

““What is it?”’

“‘Get some good lawyer to prove that the
law of gravity is unconstitutional.’’

S5
Visitor: ‘“To what do you attribute your
remarkable health?’”” Octogenarian: ‘“Well,
I reckon I got a good start on most people
by being born before germs was discovered,
thereby having less to worry about.”’

S~
“Why, Mr. Gloom, what is the matter?
You seem in pain or—’’
“Pain?’’ snarled the pessimist. ‘‘Con-
found you! This is the way I smile!”’
o | i
Milly— ““Ninety-nine women in a hundred
are naturally generous.’’
Billy— ‘“Yes, where one woman will keep a
secret ninety-nine will give it away.”’

B

‘“Can you alter that gown to fit me, do you
think?’’

““Certainly not, mademoiselle. That isn’t
done any more. You must be altered to fit
the gown.”’ »

K

He had just been accepted.

““Does your father know I write poetry?”’
he asked anxiously. s

“Not yet, dear,”” she replied. ‘I’ve told
him all about your drinking and your gam-
bling debts, but I couldn’t tell him every-
thing at once.’’

&

“My eyesight is so poor I can’t see any
distance at all,”’ said an Englishman who
sought to be exempted from military service.”’

“Oh, that wo’n’t matter at all,”’ the med-
ical examiner replied. ‘‘You’ll get a fine
view. W¢e’ll put you in a trench right in the
front line.’’

H

‘“‘Ex-Congressman Flubdub wants a little
write-up,”’ remarked the ~magazine pub-
lisher. ‘“What shall we say about him?”’

““What did he ever do?”’

““Nothing.’’ ‘

“Say he upheld the traditions of Con-
gress.”’
