---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_152.jpg
---
4

STANDING OF THE E. S. P. LEAGUE

WA S Pet, Wi R P cth
Ninth 40 23 635 Cubs 38 24 613
Printers 40 23 635 Shed SU56 125

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

WS S Pet, W. L. Pct.
Brooklyn 77 52 597 Pittsburg 62 69 473
Phila. 72 53 b86 Chicago 61 73 455
Boston 72 54 571 St. Louis 58 77 430
New York 64 62 508 53 82 393

Cinn.

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

Wit . Pcts W s Pets

Boston 78 56 582 St. Louis 71 66 518

Detroit 78 59 569 Washington 67 66 504

Chicago M 59 566 Clev’land 69 68 504

New York 71 64 526 Athletics 30 103 226
(Continued from st page.)

REE S0

Rrinters. - 25 L 0000000210—340

0000210000—3 7 0C

Cubs 2—Ninth 2

A large and enthusiastic crowd of basebal]
‘““fans’’ witnessed the game between the
Cubs and Ninth, at the Garage grounds Mon-
day afternoon.

The game was well contested by both clubs,
and several critical situations were developed,
giving intense interest to the rooters and
others, and finally resulted in a tie.

Boyd, held sway at the box for the Cubs,
and struck out 10, watked 2, with 7 hits.

Spookey, twtirted for the Ninth, in good
form, allowing but 4" hits, with 3 walks, and
8 strike outs.

Several fine plays featured the game, with
Pet’s two clever throws from second to first
base. Blink and Jack, each made a double.

Score by innings as follows:

R.
0—2
0—2

Biichane o =L (02 110 1.0°0

@bssre = 1T OROROROROSSIRON]
Triples—Chick, and Lucky.
Umpire— Fred.

Printers 5—Shed 0

The Printers had a comparatively easy vic-
tory over the Shed at the Storehouse grounds
on Monday.

Mack pitched for the Printers and held the
game well in hand at all times, allowing but
2hits, and striking out8. There were no walks.

Poor control of Hamilton, in the box for
the Shed, made it easy for their opponents to
find him for 8 hits and 11 walks.

Four stolen bases were the only features.

Score by innings as follows:

5
T )
4 1

R.H. E.
Bniters.- ="~ 3000001 1b0—5.89
S 00000000 0-0 9.0

Doubles—Stump, Hagy, Jim, and 6083.
Umpire— Andy.

That famous but fatuous double-column ad.
announcing the sale of world’s series tickets
for Braves, Field will not appear in the Boston
papers until further notice.

THE UMPIRE

U. S. SAYS ALL SUBMARINES
ARE NOT WARSHIPS

A Washington dispatch says that to the
proposal of the Entente Allies that neutrals
accept the principle that all submarines are
vessels of war, the United States has dis-
patched a reply which, it is understood, holds
that the characteristics of each submersible
must govern the case.

Diplomats here announced that Norway,
Sweden and Spain had forbidden their har-
bors to merchant submarines on the ground
that they were ‘‘indistinguishable’’ from war
craft.

The memorandum from the Allies was sent
to all neutral Powers. The reply of the Uni-
ted States, it was officially stated, was also
in the form of a memorandum, and not a for-
mal note.

To the contention in the Allies, memoran-
dum that it is difficult, if not impossible, for
warships to distinguish between armed and’
merchant submarines, the American reply is
understood to point out that it is equally diffi-
cult to distinguish between sailing merchant
vessels which may have masked batteries.

NEW SOUTH AMERICAN STEAM-
SHIP LINE TO START OCT. 15

A local paper makes the anncuncement that
arrangements for the first sailing on the new
Philadelphia-South American Line between
Philadelphia and Rio Janeiro were made at
the headquarters of the Chamber of Commerce
Friday by Herman L. Wright, of New York,
presidentof theline. The first vessel willleave
Philadelphia October 15.

The organization of this new company,
which is capitalized at $1,000,000, is the re-
sult of a campaign carried on by the Phila-
delphia Chamber of Commerce for a line be-
tween this city and South America. The
need of such a line has long been felt by the
business interests of this community, and it
is believed that the service will mark a new
era in the maritime history of Philadelphia.

Temporary offices have been furnished the
new line in the Foreign Trade Bureau of the
Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce until per-
manent headquarters can be obtained. The
Philadelphia terminal of the lines will be the
Pennsylvania Railroad piers.

JAMES P. LAFFERTY

We are sorry to learn of the sudden pass-
ing away of James P. Lafferty, managing
editor of The Catholic Standard and Times,
who died at Wildwood on Saturday last. Mr.
Lafferty was well known as a lawyer, jour-
nalist, and a popular member of a number of
social organizations. He was also interested
in prison welfare work, and had manifested his
interest by numerous visits to this institution.

Mr. Lafferty leaves a wife and four chil-
dren, besides a host of friends, who will
mourn his loss.

We extend our sincere sympathy to the be-
reaved wife and family of the deceased.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

That the Saturday outing of the 1st Sec-
tion of the H. F. C. was a success no one
who was present will dispute. The weather
attained to that happy combination of sun and
breeze which makes for perfection, and the
boys were evidently moved to respond in
kind, cheerfulness and good order and gen-
eral all-around happiness being the order of
the day. ;

The parade was the feature of the after-
noon’s events, marshalled by A 8432 and his
aides, inspirited by the fine martial music of
the two bands under the leadership of Prof.
Weigandt, and B 6765 respectively, inaugu-
rated by the bracing weather. The boys
marched along well, a double circuit of the
Institution grounds being completed before
disbandment. As marchers, we believe the
8th Block carried off the honors of the day,
with the 11th Block a close second.

The parade was followed by a band concert
of a high order of excellence, Prof. Wei-
gandt conducting with his usual fine ability.

During the intermission the Quartette,
under the leadership of B7525, accompanied
by 7867, 8252, 7825, sang a trio of selections,
and the well rendered ballad, ‘I Want You.’’
B 7545 recited the ever popular ‘‘Casey at the
Bat,’’ also a revised version of the same, and
B8222 gave us ‘‘Curfew Shall Not Ring
To-night,”” Harry closing with an exhibition
of his mastery of the black art, which was
convincing to say the least.

It was indeed a pleasant afternoon’s outing,
and we feel sure that every one enjoyed it to
the utmost. The opportunity to meet old friends
and make new ones was not the least of the
day’s enjoyments. So much of life depends up-
on the friends one makes. There are friends and
friends you know. Be friends in the truest
sense of the word, allure to better things, and
lead the way. One of the primary objects of
this Club is promotion of friendliness, and
what better purpose could one ask also? The
ability to make and to keep friends is the
secret of many a man’s success in life.

To win friends one must show cnesself friend-
ly. When you meet a stranger, don’t begin
at once to tell him your troubles; let George
or Bill, as the case may be, do it. Give him
the sympathy he seeks, and you have him.
Next time he will be willing to listen to you.
This method of being friendly is not copy-
righted, and you are all free to use it. Next
Saturday, September 16, weather always per-
mitting, the following Blocks and Galleries,
comprising the 2nd Section of the H. F. C.,
will goout: 3B, 4B, 5B, 5G, 7B, 7 G, and
9:B. =Byb 8266: B 7819—5602, Rep. Del.

H. F. C. 6—Rlocks 1

Base on balls—oftf Winters 5; off Jimmy 4.

Struck out—by Winters 7; by Jimmy 10.

Umpire—Jacoby.

Philadelphia Navy Yard, Congressman
William S. Vare says, will soon have its work
extended to greater lengths than ever.
