---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_153.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, September 20, 1916

NO. 38

SERIOUS TROUBLE THREAT-
ENED IN CENTRAL AMERICA

U. S. Preparing to Intervene if Need-
ed—FElections to Take Placp Under
Guns of Warships

Serious international complications may fol-
low the determined opposition of Costa Rieca,
Honduras and Salvador to the treaty recently
ratified between the United States and Nica-
ragua.

By this treaty Nicaragua, for $3,000,000,
has ceded to the United States exclusive and
proprietary rights for the construction of an
inter-oceanic canal across Nicaragua by way
of the San Juan River and the right to main-
tain a naval base on the Gulf of Fonseca, on
the western coast of Nicaragua, for ninety-
. nine years to enable this country to protect
the Panama Canal.

The governments of Costa Rica, Salvador
and Honduras have not only protested to this
Government against the ratification of the
treaty with Nicaragua, but carried their op-
position to the Central American court of
justice at Cartago, which has just made a
decision favorable to the claims of Salvador
and Costa Rica and against Nicaragua. The
latter country has announced that it will not
accept the decision of the court.

The election soon to be held in Nicaragua,
which will mark the climax of an exciting
campaign, will be held virtually under the
guns of American warships, it being the in-
tention to leave the San Diego and the Chat-
tanooga in Nicaraguan waters indefinitely.

BRITISH WARSHIP HOLDS UP U. S.
VESSEL IN PHILIPPINE HARBOR

According to recent information from Wash-
ington, another violation of American neu-
trality by a British destroyer, which held up
and examined the Philippine steamship Cebu
within the territorial waters of the Philip-
pines, was reported to the War Department
Saturday by Governor-General Harrison. The
dispatch will be made the subject of a vigor-
ous protest to Great Britain.

The incident occurred one mile and a half
off Carabao Island. Lieutenant Bailes, com-
manding H. M. S. Destroyer No. 2, boarded
the Cebu, made inquiries about her passen-
gers and took both ships’ manifest and pas-
senger list. Apparently the officer was
searching for a man named Bady.

There has been more than one complaint
about the activity of British vessels around
the Philippines, and it is probable that Great
Britain will be called upon to restrict the
operations of her patrol in and near the terri-
torial waters.

FURTHER LIMITATION OF
U. S. TRADE BY BRITAIN

Late reports state that British government
officials, taking advantage of the coming
election for the presidency, have added fur-
ther restrictions on American trade with Hol-
land and the Scandinavian countries. The
restrictions consist in refusing to allow the
Netherlands Overseas Trust to accept certain
American consignments . and declining to
grant letters of assurance for American ship-
ments of certain articles destined for Scan-
dinavian countries.

British diplomats claim that two reasons
induced their government to make its new
move. The first is the simplicity of the plan,
which enables the government to control sup-
plies at the source. The second is the grow-
ing bill with which Great Britain is being
pressed by neutral governments for demur-
rage and other expenses incurred by taking
suspected ships into Kirkwall for examination.

Another blockade measure which also prob-
ably will interest Washington is the recent
arrangement under which bureaus were set
up in England and France for granting li-
censes for exchange of goods which figure
on the list of prohibited imports. The Amer-
ican authorities contend that under the Brit-
ish-American commercial treaty of 1815 such
prohibitions must be enforced equally against
all countries.

The principle involved in the new British
restriction$ is not new—that is it is not new
in the controversy that has been in progress
between the United States and the British
government for nearly two years as a result
of President Wilson’s protests against Brit-
ish restraints on American and other neutral
commerce under the so-called blockade pol-
icy—but the new orders involve a different
application of the principle for which Great
Britain has been contending.

NEW HOTEL TO COST $9,000,000

It is announced in a New York report that
in another month the mammoth $9,000,000 ho-
tel planned in the terminal area by the New
York Central Railroad for John McE. Bow-
man, proprietor of the Biltmore and Manhat-
tan Hotels, will be under way.

The proposed hotel will rise to a height of
twenty-eight stories, and when completed
will be the largest and tallest hostelry in the
world. Itis to be known as the ‘‘Commodore,’’
after Commodore Vanderbilt, founder of the
New York Central lines, and will contain up-
ward of 2000 rooms.

It has been estimated that upward of 15,000
tons of fabricated steel will be used, the cost
of which will approximate $6,000,000.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games
Printers 4—Shed 0

The Printers had no difficulty in winning the
ball game from the Shed at the Storehouse
grounds. :

Hagy held the Shed batters down to 2 hits,
striking out 9, with but 1 walk.

The Shed’s pitcher, 8328, lacked confidence
and walked 5, was found for 5 hits, and struck
out 6.

Score by innings as follows:

R EIEs
251N terSs M 000120100—4 50
Slhicat oo St 01020 0-070 0.0 00220

Doubles—Hagy and Spitz.
Umpire— Banks.

Wednesday’s Games
Cubs 1—Ninth 0

What would have been one of the best
games of the season, had it not been marred
by a lengthy dispute over the umpire’s decis-
ion, took place at the Garage grounds on
Wednesday, between the Cubs and Ninth.
Both teams were in the game to win, and
tbe tension ran high at times.

Pitching at his best, Boyd held the Cubs
down to 4 hits and one walk, striking out 11.

Charlie’s work in the box, for the Cubs,
was somewhat unsteady, and he was found
for 9 hits and 2 walks, striking out 6. Jim
succeeded Charlie in the ninth inning. The
team was good on both sides.

Score by innings as follows:

R SHSShA
Cubs-:i . 222, 00000 100 0—1"980
Ninth. 2 25 oo-070"5:0"0°0 O 00—
Doubles— Mooney 2 and Jacoby.
Umpire—Fred.

Printers 6—Shed—1

Wednesday’s game at the Storehouse, be-
tween the Printers and Shed, was too much
one way to create baseball enthusiasm.

Slats pitched a good game, and allowed 3
hits, and walked 1, striking out 6.

The Shed’s pitcher, Stoney, has a chance
for improvement, as he was found for 13
hits, and walked 2, striking out 7.

Score by innings as follows:

R HERES
Printers. .- .- -__1:2"830 0:0:0 1 -0—6NE=
Shed2e i Tnden Fo 01031 00" 00501 ¥0

Home run—Fingers.
Doubles—Hagy 2 and 7470.
Umpire—Banks.

Thursday’s Games

Printers 6—Cubs 2
(Continued on fourth page.)
