---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_154.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

—_—

TR UM PTRGE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications should be addressed The Umpire
Printing Office, and given to the Overseer, who will see to
their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, September 20, 1916

PrisoN PopurATiION—Males 1396. Females
24, Total 1420. Last serial number B 8355.

" NOT AN IDEAL

It sometimes happens that we become dis-
satisfied with conditions at hand and look afar
for charm, expecting that distance may ‘‘lend
enchantment to the view.’”” It does not al-
ways follow that our expectations are realized
on investigation, as the second state may
prove to be far worse than the first.

For instance, there has been much herald-
ing of prison conditions in an adjoining state,
which might lead one to believe that the ideal
has been achieved. This does not prove to
be the case, however, as may be seen by an
account given by a writer in a New York pa-
per, summarizing the report of the Prison
Commission of that state.

‘““Solitary confinement in dungeons seven
feet under ground, the rivetting of heavy
chains to prisoners’ ankles and other medieval
punishments, are in vogue in the Onondago

County Penitentiary at Jamesville, the State

Prison Commission has learned after an in-
vestigation, and it recommends ‘that the
Superintendent who has authorized, continues
and attempts to justify the reactionary meth-
ods of management and the cruel punish-
ments is unfit and should be removed.” James
Markell is the Superintendent.

““The commission finds that the administra-
tion of the penitentiary ‘is too severe, harsh
and repressive; that the prisoners are com-
pelled to wear the old prison clothes, both
while at work in the institution and in public
places.” It is declared that the prison has no
written rules or stated penalties for breaking
the rules and 'that the Superintendent exer-
cises absolute power of judgment as to what
offenses are committed and what punishments
are inflicted.

““One method of punishment is said to be
confinement in one of the eight dungeons in
the institution. All are small and seven feet
under ground, with inadequate light and ven-
tilation. In these cells prisoners are confined
sometimes for seventeen days, and the only
food allowed is one slice of bread each day.
It also is charged that women awaiting trial
have been kept ‘in the same cell room with

prisoners of the penitentiary.” The prison
doctor has declared these dungeon cells un-
sanitary.

‘“‘Another charge is that prisoners who
have tried to escape are compelled to wear
chains for the rest of their terms, even while
working in the quarry and at the road build-
ing, each chain weighing from 12 to 15 pounds
and riveted to the ankles. Another form of
punishment is to compel prisoners to ‘toe a
crack,’ sometimes for twelve hours. It also
is charged that no form of exercise or recre-
ation is allowed to the prisoners, that no care-
ful physical examination is made when pris-
oners enter the institution and that some-
times they are doubled-up in cells when con-
tagious diseases exist. Conversation at meals
is not permitted and letter-writing is allowed
but once each month. Absolutely no educa-
tion facilities exist, although in one year
seventy-two illiterates were received.

““The commission recommends the abolish-
ing of striped clothing, of chains on prisoners,
the cellar dungeons and the ‘standing on a
crack.’” It asks that copies of the rules be
put in every cell and corridor and that knowl-
edge of the rules be conveyed to all non-En-
glish speaking prisoners, and that those to be
punished should be confined in lighted cells
above the ground, have half a loaf of bread
twice a day, all the water they desire, and be
allowed to exercise in the corridor.

‘“‘Recommendation is made that prisoners
not undergoing punishment have one hour of
free recreation daily, with half a day on Sun-
days and holidays; that they be allowed to
converse at their meals and to write one let-
ter weekly at the expense of the institution,
and as many as they desire at their own ex-
pense, and that a teacher be provided for the
instruction of illiterates. Entertainments for
the prisoners are also urged.

““That ‘systematic and sympathetic efforts
be made for the physical, mental and moral
improvement of the prisoners to the end that
they may issue from the penitentiary better
men’ is recommended by the Prison Commis-
sion, which has not the power to enforce its
recommendations. In the case of a county
penitentiary such recommendations are made
to the County Board of Supervisors, which
may or may not heed them.”’

Coming from any other source than the
State Prison Commission, the report of con-
ditions in the Onondago County Penitentiary
would have found few believers. It carries
us back a full century in punitive practise.
Here we have the old heavy chains riveted to
the ankles of prisoners for months at a time,
the old underground dungeons in active use,
with solid steel cells punctured with a few
holes to let in a trifle of light and air; the old
confinement without recreation, and some of
the old cruelty stunts, such as compelling
prisoners to stand for hours in a particular
posture without deviation. And this in New
York state when priding itself most on lead-
ership in advanced penology! The Superin-
tendent of this prison is to be removed, it is

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

said. But what about the County Supervisors
who are over him?

IFF WE COULD GO BACK

Now and then a man pauses to take ac-
count of stock, and looks back ruefully over
the course. of his life to note the many
places where he made the wrong turn or was
shoved off the track by adverse circum-
stances. He says to himself, believing what
he says, that if he could retrace his steps
and take a fresh start, knowing what he
knows now, he would not make such a mess
of things again. He can put his finger down
on the very spot in the map of his life where
he went wrong. There was a blurred place
on the trail, where there was no trace of the
footprint of any who passed that way and no
mark of the woodman’s axe upon the tree.
It was for him alone to choose the way to
take, and in his haste and fever to arrive he
chose wrong, and has wondered ever since.

A man plays a game, or runs a race, or
conducts a business, or marries a wife, or
chooses a friend, or selects a calling, or forms
a habit—and by and by the conviction is
borne in upon him, like a growth weighing on
the brain, that he was in error. Now it is
too late to retrieve. He must wear for the
remainder of his days the milistone due to

his wrong decision. What is he to do? He
has strangled his chance new-born. He ex-
changed his birthright for pottage. It is of

no avail to plead that he had bad advisers,
that he was misled, that he was the tool of
environment, that a base heredity rose up to
claim him and that a latent taint in the blood
broke out and wrought an irreparable mis-
chief. The past is there, and its legend is
deeply graven on his brow or seared by the
brand of the iron that has entered into his
soul. Can he go back? The years and the
closed doors and the finished chapters tell
him no.

But the forward look and the futurity pro-
vide him with a better way to take. When
Mrs. Peterkin, in the story, had spoiled her
cup of coffee by putting salt in it and was
trying to redeem the error by the neutraliz-
ing action of all sorts of chemicals, the lady
from Philadelphia suggested that she make a
fresh cup. . Seeing that you can’t go back,
why not make a fresh start exactly where
you are? Decision has a miraculous way of

(Continued on page 3.)
