---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_155.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

S8

— e T N e e el e T e e e i BV
-— o

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

Henry Ford is reported to be considering
plans to run his big factories twenty-four
hours a day, just as at present, but with four
shifts instead of three, which means six
hours for each employe. Further than that,
each employe is to receive $1.00 an hour in
wages.

S

Abram I. Elkus, the new American ambas-
sador to Turkey, who stopped in Vienna on
his way to Constantinople, is quoted by the
Berlin Neue F'rie Presse as saying that his
impression of Vienna, as well as of Berlin,
was that conditions of life there were virtu-
ally unchanged. The amount of food was
apparently enough, and thanks to the capa-
ble organization, he thought a sufficiency of
provisions seemed assured.

S

It is reported at Washington that inquiry
will be made of the French Government re-
garding the bombardment of Alexandretta,
Asiatic Turkey, during which the building
occupied by William M. Brewster, of New
York, American Consular Agent, was riddled.
The State Department will ask whether the
shelling of the building was the result of
carelessness. Brewster succeeded a Turk: as
Agent.

&

The results in Maine will encourage Re-
publicans all over the country. Party men
feel confident that the Maine victory in Sep-
tember is significant of a national victory in
November. The Democrats will attach no
significance teo it, but the fact remains that
the campaign there was based upon national
issues, as each party sent representative
speakers to that State. The result is, there-
fore, highly significant. Had the Democratic
party again carried Maine they would have
considered it a forecast of a national success.

S
)

The blowing of the great whistle in Sing Sing
prison awakened the town early one morning
last week and gave warning that another
of Warden Thomas Mott Osborne’s ‘‘Mutual
Welfare League’’ members had been taking
French leave. The prisoner who escaped
was Elmer Schultz. It was thought he
walked to the end of the yard and got over
the iron fence along the river bank and
dropped into the river. Schultz is the sixth
prisoner to escape under the Welfare rule.

S

New legislation requiring all milk dealers

in the State to use the sanitary, non-refillable.

milk bottles made of paper instead of the
glass bottles now in common use is being
framed by the officials of the State Dairy and
Food Department, according to District Agent
Simmers. The city officials, represented by
David Clegg, chief miik inspector, are very
much in favor of the proposed legislation,
while many of the milk dealers themselves,
according to Agent Simmers, will back such
a reform.

'(Continued from page 2.)

finding a standpoint of rock in the middle of
the quicksand. Would it be all gain and
nothing to lose if you could go the whole
path back to the beginning? You might have
done worse. These coroner’s inquests of
morbid introspection, these lachrymose chants
of the might-have-been, are generally a vain
or even a pernicious form of entertainment.
Of what avail is it to summons the neighbors
and ask them to sit with you beside the un-
buried past? Remorse, with its big ‘‘if,’’ is
better left to that self-repetition of which
other kinds of history are proverbially fond.
Too much analysis often leads to paralysis.

““Thus conscience doth make cowards of us all;
And thus the native hue of resolution

Is sicklied o’er with the pale cast of thought,
And enterprise of great pith and moment
With this regard their currents turn awry,
And lose the name of action.’’

It may be objected when action is counsel-
ed as a better thing than retrospect, that a
certain troubling of the spirit now and then
is the bounden duty of a man who does not
live by bread alone. He surveys the way he
came and the errors teach him: a failure may
be more instructive, and in the long run more
profitable, than a victory. But if a man
would dip repeatedly into the flood of memo-
ries, let him be sure that he can swim and
hold his head above the wavesso that he runs
no risk of drowning there. To a man in the
penitentiary ‘‘stone walls do not a prison
make nor iron bars a cage.’”’ The one strong,
inevitable jail from which he cannot dig nor
file nor bribe his own way is his own mem-

ory. The Satan of Milton’s grand imagina-

tion could not leave his hell behind him when
he went to earth, though he had the profound
abyss of inter-stellar space wherein to shake
himself free from incumbrance. You may
be thankful that you are here, that the time
is now, and that you cannot go back to the
place where you began. You may be nearer
the celestial country than you know.

— Philadelphia Ledger. .

MY CONSCIENCE

Sometimes my Conscience, says he

‘““Don’t you know me?’’

And I, says I, skeered through and through,

““Of course I do.

You are a nice chap ever’ way,

I'm here to say!

You make me ery—you make me pray,

And all of them good things that a-way

That is, at night. Where do you stay

Durin’ the day!”’

And then my Conscience sort of grits

His teeth and spits

On his two hands and grabs, of course,

Some old remorse,

And beats me with big butt-end

O’ that thing—’tel my closest friend

'Ud hardly know me. ‘‘Now,’’ says he,

“Be keerful as you’d orto be

And Allus think o’ me!”’ '
—James Whitcomb Riley.

BORROWED MIRTH

‘““What are oxen?’’ asked the teacher. The
little foreigns looked blank. ‘‘Does any one
know what a cow is?’’ she asked,* hopefully
A dingy hand waved wildly at the back of
the room.

“I know! I know, teacher! A cow; she
lays milk!”’
S
‘““You look sad, old man.”’
“Um.77

““I know it’s depressing to have your wife
go away.”’

‘‘She ain’t going.”’

. S5

He—‘“Hullo, Phyl! I didn’t know you were
going to bathe?’’
She— “‘I’'m not.”’

He— ““Then why the bathing costume?’’
She— ‘It isn’t, silly; its my new frock!”’
S

“‘Groggs can’t take any kind of a holiday
without getting drunk. I met him this after-
noon and he was half-shot.”’

““It is a wonder he wasn’t paralyzed.’’

‘‘But remember this is only a half holiday.”’

o

Teacher—“‘Tommy, can you spell fur?”’

Thomas— ‘‘Yes, sir; f-u-r.”’

Teacher— ‘“That’s right. Now can you
tell me what fur is?”’ !

Thomas— ‘‘Yes, sir. Fur is an awful long
way.’’

: S

““The word ‘reviver’ spells the same back-
ward or forward.”” It was the frivolous
man who spoke. ‘‘Can you think of another?’’

The serious man scowled up from his news-
paper. ‘‘Tut-tut!’”’ hecriad contemptuously.

5

*‘Asphodelia Twobble went down into the
tenement district yesterday to brighten the
lives of poor slum dwellers.”’

‘““Highly commendable. What did she do
for them?”’

‘‘She told them about the good times she’s
been having at Atlantic City.”’

25
Old Practitioner—‘“Well, how did you suec-

ceed with your first diagnosis? Did you
profit by my advice?’’
The Young Doctor—*‘I think I did, sir. I

told the patient that he was suffering from a
combination of liver, stomach, heart, lung
and brain trouble.’’

Old Practitioner—*‘Good!
mistake there!”’

No chances of

S

‘‘Please, kind lady,’’ said the wayfarer, ‘‘I
ain’t had a bite to eat in 24 hours.”’

““You are just the man I'm looking for,”’
replied the lady of the house. ‘‘My husband
gathered a mess of mushrooms this morning
and I want to make sure they are not toad-
stools. Just wait a moment and I’ll bring a
dish of them.”’
