---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_156.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

-

;—-———_———————————'

STANDING OF THE E. S. P. LEAGUE

WL SePct:

W. L. Pect
Printers 44 24 647 Cubs 41 25 621
Ninth 41 25 621 Shed 8 60 118

NATIONAL LEAGUE STAN\DING

W Pct \ W. L. Pct.
Brooklyn 82 55 599 | Pittsburg 64 75 460
Phila. 80 55 593 Chicago 62 79 440
Boston 7 55 583 | St.Louis 60 81 420
New York 71 62 534 | Cinn. 54 88 380

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

W. L. Pet. ‘ W. L. Pct,
Boston 81 59 579 | St. Louis 74 70 514
Detroit 83 61 576 | Clev'land 73 70 510
Chicago 81 62 566 ‘ Washington 70 69 504
New York 73 67 521 | Athletics 31 108 223

(Continued from first page.)

An enthusiastic crowd of baseball ‘‘fans’’
enjoyed the Printers-Cubs’, game played at
the Storehouse grounds on Thursday, both
teams playing with vim.

With the smile that didn’t come off, Mack
held his opponents down to 2 hits and 2 walks,
striking out 6.

Boyd did well in the box for the Cubs un-
til the sixth inning, when the Printers scored
4 runs. Quick recovery followed, but too
late to save the game, which was won by the
Printers 6—2. Boyd struck out 7, and was
found for 6 hits.

Score by innings as follows:

R. H.E.
Brinters. .= - _ QL0Z0R1F 0 4805 120-— 6 =]
Sl N 041 0.0:0: 10 0:0—28:2" 2

Double—Jordan.
Friday’s Games

Ninth 4—Printers 1

On a wet field the Ninth and Printers en-
deavored to play ball at the Garage grounds,
but it was hard work at best, and resulted in
the defeat of the Printers.

Charlie was in the box for the Ninth, and
struck out 11, walked 2, and allowed 4 hits.

Hagy’s pitching for the Printers was all
that cculd be expected with a wet ball. He
struck out 12, walked 3, and was found for
5 hits.

Umpire— Banks.

Score by innings as follows.
R. H. E.
NI e ) 811 6 000 @ 0= 5 W
X Bitters o L TROR0S0H0E T 050 02 0=—1545()

Doubles—Jim, Pet, Hagy, and Mack.
Umpire—Banks.

Cubs 12—Shed 3

The Storehouse game between the Cubs
and Shed was played in a drizzle of rain and
was devoid of the usual enthusiasm, finally
resulting in the Cubs winning by the score
of 12—3. Boyd twirled for the Cubs, and
struck out 3, walked 2, and allowed 2 hits.

Hummer did mound duty for the Shed, and
struck out 4, walked 6, and was found for 9
hits.

Score by innings as follows:

REHEE
Cubs. 7 s 2 TR0 000201 2303810
 Shed__ - 300000000—-3 2 ©

Doubles—Silly, Mooney, and Hamilton.
Umpire—Jimmie.

Monday’s Games

Printers 6—Ninth 1

The Printers won a well contested game of
ball from the Ninth, with luck running in
their favor, by the score of 6—1.

Mack pitched for the Printers with the as-
surance of a winner, and struck out 7, with 2
walks, allowing but 4 hits.

In spite of Jacoby’s lame foot, he did good
work in the box for the Ninth, striking out

11, 4 walks and 4 hits completing the record.

REHYE:
Prinferst e Tasy 0001010406 4 0
Ninth 2= "o 00 040 00=0 10—k 7420

Triple—Jacoby.
Doubles—Bobbie, Hagy, and Jacoby.
Umpire—Fred.

Cubs 1—Shed 1

The Cubs added another victory over the
Shed, to their credit, at the Storehouse
grounds, by the score of 6—1.

Pitching good ball, Boyd in the box for
the Cubs, and struck out 11, walked 1, and
allowed 3 hits.

Hamilton’s work on the mound for the
Shed was energetie, but his curves did not
fool his opponents. As a result he was found
for 10 hits, walking 3, nine strikeouts count-
ing in his favor. '

Campbell made a triple in the second inning.

RESTHEIE:

Shie dEeE S OROROROBIROROIOROSSI RS H()
Cubs o ieie. e 0 010152 01 0-—6 1070
Doubles—Silly, Fats, Pidge, Campbell, and
Chocolate. Umpire— Banks.
Batting Averages of Players Batting .300 and

Over, Including Game of Sept 15, 1916.

No. Name A.b. . Hits Pet:
B 7664 Jake 191 81 424,
B 7685 Hagy 216 91 416.
B 6353 Jore 190 78 Al
B 8219 Baum. 177 57 322.
B 7846 Jack 208 68  322.
B 7025 Clarkey 35 11 315.
B7471 Chick 228 72 Bl
B 8158 Spitz 166 il 307.
B 7476 Casey 170 52 306.
B 5556 Stump 187 b7 305.
B 7759 Lucky 216 64 305.

JOSEPH T. MOON

We regret to record the passing away of
Joseph T. Moon, on Saturday last, who has
been a constant visitor to this institution for
a number of years past. His faithful ser-
vice will be gratefully remembered by those
to whom he gave encouragement in their
hour of trouble.

In his death the Salvation Army loses a
sincere and faithful officer, whose place in
that body will not be easily filled.

We extend our sincere condolence to the
family and friends of the deceased.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The Saturday afternoon outing of the Sec-
ond Section of the H. F. C. was a success
from the start. No finer brand of weather
was ever furnished us; a rain-washed, new
wind-swept sky, and just the right mixture
of sun and breeze. The clerk of the weather
certainly deserves a vote of thanks for giv-
ing us such a perfect afternoon. _

After circling the institution grounds the
parade disbanded and the majority of the
marchers gathered on the Sixth Block Lawn
to hear exceptionally fine orchestra music and
entertainment. Professor Weigandt was in
the best form, and, the orchestra members
responding brilliantly, gave us a real musi-
cal treat. We would ask the members of the
Club to kindly refraim from unnecessarially
loud talking while in the vicinity of the band-
stand. If you feel you must talk, please go
a little distance away. We of the music
lovers’ clan would appreciate such courtesy.

The parade led off the events of the after-
noon. There being but one band in line, the
boys marched in columns of sixes instead of
fours, as formely, thus materially shortening
the column, and making it easier for all to
hear the music. Wnether from this

cause or another, we were pleased to notice

an improvement in the marching of the boys
of the Seventh Block and Gallery.

The officers of the Club, for the last time,
call the attention of non-members to the fact
that their presence on the grounds is neither
permitted nor desired. Those persisting in
violating this rule will be severely dealt with
in the future.

A number of visitors were present and
showed great interest in the activities of the
Club. The Warden, Dr. Hart, Dr. Phillips, Mr.
Dipple and brother, with a party of friends,
were noticed, and we are sure they went
away with golden opinions of the Club and its
doings.

Again we were fortunate tohear Quartette
No. 1, under the able direction of B 7525, and
the good support of his mates, B 7867, 7825,
and 8252. The rendition of ‘‘Brighten the
Corner’’ and ‘““My Little Girl”’ and ‘‘Meet
Me at the Boardwalk’’ were well received, as
the hearty applause given each time was
ample proof. B 7478, sang, ‘‘They Made It
Twice as Nice as Paradise, and They Called It
Dixie Land.”’

Quartette No. 2, B8068, 7425, 8282, 7871,
these sang for us in pleasing style. BT737
sang that finest of old Scottish melodies,
“‘Annie Laurie,’”” and B 8026, the Guitar King,
obliged us with a solo.

Next Saturday, September 23, weather pro-
pitious, the First Section will go out, compris-
ing the following Blocks and Galleries: 1 B,
8B,11 B, 6B, 6G, 12B,.12 B-1 G, 12.B-2G,
10 B. B 8266. Rep. Del. B 7918-5602.

H. F. C. 7—Blocks 6

Struck out—by Winters 11; by Jimmie 6.

Base on balls—by Winters 3 by Jlmmle 7

Umpire— Dudley.
