---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_157.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

VOL. V

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, September 27, 1916

}Ld]ted and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 39

GRAND REVIEW OF
26,000 TROOPS AT EL PASO

Twenty-Mile Parade Includes Second
Pennsylvania Regiment

A correspondent at El Paso, Texas, is re-
sponsible for the information that National
guardsmen and regulars, 26,000 of them in
dust-stained khaki—swung through the streets
of El Paso and past areviewing stand at Fort
Bliss on Saturday last, in the first parade and
review of an infantry division at full war
strength ever held in the United States. Mil-
itary men said that a larger number of troops
werein line than at any time in the history of
the country, with the exception of the grand
review in Washington at the close of the
Civil War, May 23 and 24, 1865.

Philadelphia had the only infantry organi-
zation in the line of troops, Colonel Hamilton
D. Turner’s Second Regiment of 1000 men
taking part. Other Pennsylvania troops in
line were one battalion of artillery, one bat-
talion of engineers, including Company B,
of Philadelphia, and Company L., of the
Fourth Regiment. The review lasted five and
one-half hours.

Tanned by service on the border, the brown-
clad legions—cavalry, infantry, field-artillery
and auxiliary troops—marchedin an unbroken
column, nearly twenty miles long. Major-
General Charles M. Clement, commanding the
Pennsylvania division, and Brigadier-General
George Bell, commanding the El Paso mili-
tary district, reviewed them.,

PRESIDENT SAID TO
HAVE GIVEN VIGOROUS IN-
STRUCTIONS TO PAGE

Late reports from a reliable source are to
the effect that Walter H. Page, Ambassador
to Great Britain, held a long conference with
President Wilson at Long Branch, about Brit-
ish interference with American trade and
mails. It was the first time Mr. Wilson and
Mr. Page have had an opportunity to confer
since the Ambassador’s arrival several weeks
ago from abroad.

The President plans to outline to Ambassa-
dor Page in detail the position of the United
States Government toward the British policy
of interfering with American trade and mails.

Mr. Wilson desires to impress on the Am-
bassador the necessity of informing London
that continued interference with the rights
of the United States will not be allowed. The
President is understood to take the position
that the long delays of the British Foreign
Office in answering the United States are
without excuse.

Retaliatory features of the revenue bill
passed during the last session of Congress
were understood to be among the topics Mr.
Wilson expects to discuss with the Ambassa-
dor at another time,

Washington, Sept. 22.—Great Britain’s
delay in answering the American note re-
garding mail seizures, sent to London Mz?y
24, is believed by Allied diplomats here to be
due largely toa desire to give first a practical
working demonstration of changes recently
instituted in censorship methods, notably with
regard to expediting shipping documents.
State Department officials indicate this will
not appease this Government, which holds
the seizures illegal in themselves.

SACRED SONG SERVICE
BY E. S. P. CHOIR

The E. S. P. inmate choir and orchestra
held a sacred song service on the Center, at
this institution, on Sunday afternoon last
An excellent program of song and orchestral
music was rendered in a manner highly cred-
itable to Conductor A. F. Wiegandt and the
men under his supervision.

Several distinctive features marked the
event, notably the cornet solo by Professor
Wiegandt, the quartette composed of B 7525,
7867, 7825 and 8252, singing ‘‘Brighten the
Corner Where You Are,’”’ and the solos by B
7717, 7737 and 4876, each doing nicely with
their respective selections.

Chaplain Joseph Welch was on hand to give
a short address to the men at the conclusion
of the service, his suhject being, ‘‘Doing
Something for Others,’”’” which was punctu-
ated with many striking remarks.

For the benefit of our readers the program
is printed in full:

PROGRAM
1 March Romsine Gounod
2 Hymn No 7 (R. B.) E. O. Excell

a) —Grace Enough for Me
b) —Steer for Home, (23 R. B.)

3 Hymn No. 34 (R. B.) May Whittle Moody
a) —No More the Curse
b) What Did He Do? (63 R. B.)

4 O Sanctissima G. D. Barnard

5 Hymn No. 133 (B. S.) L. L. Pickett
a) —The Great Judgment Morning
b) —Awakening Chorqs, 177 B. S.)
6 Hymn No. 15 (B. S.) Chas. H7 Gabriel
a) —Sail on
b) Crown Him King of Kings (184B. S.)
7 The Golden Trumpet B. O. Worrell
A. F. WIEGANDT, Conductor

Christmas fund announcement in next issue.

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games
Cubs 10— Ninth 4

Tuesday’s game between the Cubs and
Ninth proved to be a winning day for the
Cubs, with the score of 10—4 in their favor
at the finish.

Boyd was in the box for the Cubs, and
struck out 9, with no walks, allowing 10 hits.

The Ninth’s pitcher, Charlie, was rather
unsteady at times and was found for 14 hits,
walked 1, and struck out 6.

Score by innings as follows:

R EH=E:

CubsHEita T3 RO S O 3RO E0R0=-1 QRS LI20)
N rSe . 2 (@ e @00 —2 10 ©
Doubles—Pidge 2, Taylor, Jordan, Barney,

‘Fats, Jacoby, and Chick.

Umpire—Banks.
Wednesday’s Games
Cubs 12—Shed 0

The Cubs made a clean walk-away over the
Shed at the Storehouse game on Wednesday,
leaving only a goose-egg for their oppo-
nents.

Boyd had the game in hand from the start,
and allowed but 1 hit and 2 walks, striking
out 10.

" The Shed’s pitcher, Hummer, proved an
easy mark; walking 11, allowing 8 hits, and
striking out 6.

Taylor enlivened the game with a home-
run.

Score by innings as follows:

REHSEE

Shedra eecer 0 0708 0080 080200 RSE0)

(@ubsE it i e m i RO SR GESEOROROS0SSERE
Triple—Barney.

Umpire—Jimmie.
; Ninth 3—Printers 2

Good luck seemed to favor the Ninth in
their game with the Printers, at the Garage
grounds, on Wednesday, and resulted in a
score of 3—2 in their favor.

Mack’s work in the box was in keeping
with the spirit of good ball playing, as he
struck out 13, with but 1 walk, holding down
the hits to 7.

Charlie did the honors for the Ninth, strik-
ing out 5, walking 2, and completing the
round by allowing 8 hits. Williamsport’s
home-run featured.

Score by innings as follows.

RSB
i nTCES Nt R 050 0508 0802 0R0:A=250 )
Ninthef i1 L eaB0R 080 20005010 —=3 KA ()

Doubles — Jacoby, Williamsport,
Jimmie, Buck, and Hagy.
(Continued on fourth page.)

Stump,

