---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_159.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

A kennel has been added to the New York
Hippodrome conveniences, so that patrons
may check their dogs while they witness the
performances. A veterinarian is in charge,
and the service is free. :

S

The Ford Motor Company announces that
payment of the annual bonus usually made at
Christmas time will be distributed at once.
In the aggregate $860,000 will go to employes
as a reward for services and results obtained
in the year, :

S

A fine of one cent and two minutes’ im-
prisonment in a courtroom chair was the
punishment imposed on Michael Levin by Fed-
eral Judge Landis in Chicago recently.
Levin, who is twenty years old, had been found
guilty of falsifying concerning his age to ob-
tain a post-office position.

&

““From September 3 to September 13 a total
of fifty-three ships, with an aggregate ton-
nage of 74,088, were sunk by our submarines
in the English Channel and in the Atlantic
says a revised statement by the Overseas
Agency on submarine activities for the pe-
riod indicated.

S
Charles McKee, of Ray, N. D., was stop-
ping in a hotel in St. Paul, Minn. Wishing
to shave, but having no soap, he went into
the next room to try to borrow a shaving-
stick. The occupant of the room proved to
be his brother, from whom he had not heard
in thirteen years.
S
William MecCormick, one hundred years
old, admitted in an Elizabeth, N. J., police
court recently that he had taken his son, who
is more than sixty, across his knees and spank-
ed him. ‘‘He annoyed the boarders;’’ said
the centenarian, who charged his gray-hair-
ed offspring with disorderly conduct.

o

The steamship Paris, of the French Trans-
atlantic Steamship Company, was launched
at St. Nazairs last week. She isthe largest
steamship ever constructed in any Frencn
yard and will go into the service between
Havre and New York. She has a displace-
ment of 387,000 tons and has 45,000 horse
power. She is 639 feet long, with a beam of
84 feet and a draft of 40 feet. She has ac-
‘commodations for 3,000 passengers of all
classes.

&5

A bear which attacked and mauled Frank
Welch, a Government teamster, in Yellow-
stone National Park so badly that he died,
was killed a few hours later by two other team-
sters, who had driven the animal off. They
placed dynamite under a pile of army bacon.
When the bear came back the trap was ex-
ploded.

THE STREET CALLED STRAIGHT

There’s a street called Straight, Oh! mother
mine,

You told me of in the olden time,

When I sat on your knee so light and free

And your sweet brown eyes looked down on me,

The night shades fell and there in the fire

I saw your yearning heart’s desire,

As you pointed at the cheery flame,

And showed me the street that led to fame,

““The street called Straight,’’ you called it,
dear,

Oh! mother mine, it was your prayer.

There’s a street called Straight, Oh! heart of
mine,

Where we strolled through fields of love sub-
lime

That led us to a leafy bower,

Where we talked long in the witching hour;

And you leaned on my arm and showed me the
gate

That led away from the street called Straight,

And you warned me there of the danger where

A detour led away from this street so fair;

And you seemed so glad as we sauntered on:

Oh! heart of mine, I loved your song.

There’s a street called Straight, Oh! friend of
mine,

That I left one day in my youthful prime,

For the vain detour that proved a snare

And the labyrinth of a low despair,

Where I plumb’d the depths of every fate

To see again the street called Straight.

Oh! mother mine, Oh! heart of mine,

Oh! friend of mine in an olden time,

Come, show me the road, if it’s not too late,

And lead me back to the street called Straight.

—Sing Sing No . 65,368 in The Star of Hope,

TOO LATE

It is never too late.

Of all the fear-forged lies that shackle the
human spirit-one of the cruelest is implied in
those two words: ““Too late!”’

Among souls nothing is irrevocable.

We men and women who are alive live
about on this earth, little glowing sparks of
divinity.

There is norain of circumstance that can put
us out. There is no iron heel of catastrophe
or malice that can cover and crush us.

If I have wasted my youth,—well, I have
yet my life, which still can be shaved to my
will. If I have missed an education in the
proper schools, the school of days is always
open, the school of spare hours, of running
time; I will attend, with myself as master
indomitable, with myself as insatiable pupil.

What are habits? I make them. I can
break them. If it hurts I will not whimper.
I will take myself in hand.

All about the walls of my room I will write:
“F.can. I ecan. -Ican. T'can ’”

I will not weep, nor go with those who
weep, over lost opportunities. For every op-
portunity lost I can find ten new ones.

Said Oliver Schriner: ‘‘It is never too late
for the soul of man.””— Dr. Frank Crane.

_farm for a visit.

BORROWED MIRTH
‘““What a beautiful girl Miss Stone is
Strange she has never married.’* :
““Well, you know there are very few men
who can afford to provide a proper setting for
such a beautiful Stone.”’

S

“I just adore Western men,’’ gushed the
girl who had never been west of Hoboken.
““You are all so big and bluff and hearty.”’

““Well, when it comes to that,’’ replied the

b

Westerner, ‘‘I’ve seen some pretty big
bluffs right here in New York City.”’
8

“I hear you came back over a scenic
route.’’ :
“Er—yes. So I did.”’
“‘I presume you enjoyed the trip.”’ §
“Immeansely. We got up a gan: of cards
that lasted the whole day, and my luck was
amazing.”’
5
Mother (to battered son) — ‘‘Willie,how often
have I told you to stop before fighting and
count up to a hundred?”’
Battered Son—‘‘That’s what I did, but
Charlie Jones’s mother oaly told him to count
ten.’’

o

City-bred Doris had arrived at grandfather’s
The first morning. she
came running into the house to her mother,
crying excitedly: ‘‘Oh, mamma, come see the
dear little pigs, but just think, they have a
hog for a mother!”’

o

Mary’s mother found her busily engaged
in cutting up potatoes. ‘““Why, Mary,”’
said the astonished mother, ‘‘what are
you doing that for?”’ '

Pausing a moment in her task, Mary
looked up and replied, ‘I heard the man
over at the store say that there was money
in potatoes this year, mamma, and I was
just looking for some.’’

S

““Oh, Grandma,’’ exclaimed little Doris,
who had been rummaging through an old
bureau drawer in the attic, ‘‘what a curious-
looking key this is!”’

‘““Yes, dear,”’” replied her grandmother,
““That was your grandfather’s latchkey.’’

““And you keep it in memory of the old
days?’’

‘‘No,
nights.”’

my dear. In memory vof the old

o

I suppose,’’ ventured the interested friend
of the family, ‘‘that John is still burning the
midnight oil at college?’’

““Yes, indeed,”” responded the fond but
puzzled mother, ‘‘but the college must fur-
nish a very inferor quality of oil. John writes
me that some midnights the light is so poor
that he can hardly read his hand.”’
