---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_160.jpg
---
A B R O T T3 4 B B g R T - N e P Y e~

4

-

STANDING OF THE E. S. P. LEAGUE
Wi o P ct Wiss I et:

Printers 45 25 643 Cubs 4227613
Ninth 44 27 620 Shed 9 62 127

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

W. B Bct) W. L. Bct.
Brooklyn 88 57 607 Pittsburg 65 83 439
Phila. 86 57 601 Chicago 65 84 436
Boston 81 58 583 St. Louis 60 89 403
New York 80 62 563 Cinn. 57 92 383

AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

WSS Ret: W IoSePet:
Boston 87 60 H92 St. Louis 78 63 516
Chicago 86 64 573 Clev’land 76 74 507
Detroit 85 66 563 Washington 73 73 500
New York 76 71 517 Athletics 33 113 226

(Continued from first page.)
Umpire—Fred.
Thursday’s Games

Ninth 6—Cubs 5

The Ninth-Cubs’ game played at the Store-
house grounds was rather tame until the
fourth inning, when the Cubs made four runs.
From then until the finish, which resulted in
a victory for the Ninth, every player was on
the job. The playing was clean-cut and would
have done credit to an outside team.

Boyd pitched a good game for the Cubs un-
til the seventh inning, when the Ninth’s bat-
ters ‘‘got onto’’ his curves and scored 5 runs.
He was found for 7 hits, walked 1, and struck
out 7.

The home-runs by Lucky and Williamsport

elicited applause from the ‘‘fans.’’
Score by innings as follows:
_ 184, 18618,
INAREhR sy Oa0n0 QROZ0S5E0 M — GRS AR ()
@ah- e 040704 0105102061 15410

Doubles—Jim, Chick, Charlie, Taylor, Reds,
and Jordan 2.
Umpire— Banks.

Friday’s Games
Printers 6—Cubs 6

Friday’s assemblage of baseball ‘‘fans’ at
the Garage grounds was enthusiastic in
their approval of a good ball game between
the Printers and Cubs, which finally resulted
in a tie.

The features of the game were the home-
runs of Jordan and Mooney and the high-fly
of Brownie’s.

The Printers had Hagy in the box, and he
proved his mettle by striking out 9, with 1
walk, allowing 8 hits.

Boyd’s pitching was good, and he struck out
12, walked 1. 8 hits were made off him.

The game was well played throughout and
was a credit to the players.

Score by innings as follows:

RESREIRSE
i ite s e () 2 S0 OR20] S8 010== 6 8l
@hseeiesh o T 020021100—6 80

Home-runs—Jordan and Mooney.

THE UMPIRE

Doubles— Boyd, Bobbie, Beck and Fingers 2.
Umpire—Banks.
~ Ninth 7—Shed 2

The Shed suffered another defeat at the
hands of the Ninth, at the Storehouse game
on Friday.

Mound work for the Ninth was in charge
of Jaceby, who struck out 6, walked 3, and
allowed 4 hits.

B 6582 pitched for the Shed, and passed 3,
struck out 5, and was found for 4 hits.

No spectacular event marked the game.

Score by innings as follows:

R =i
Shed - -HeEuy 2 B 1 0, 1501040 070707052 40
Nintht s estay 1 0HOIA " 070 05700

Doubles—Chick, Lucky, and Williamsport.
Umpire—Fred.
Monday’s Games

The ‘‘fans’’ were out in full force at the
Printers-Cub’s game on Monday, which was
played on the Garage grounds. While no
spectacular features developed, the game was
well played and the enthusiasm of the players
was clearly manifested. Timely hits favored
the Printers, who won the game by the score
of 5—1. ' :

Mack’s work at the mound was clever, as
he struck out 10, and allowed but 3 hits. There
were no walks.

The pitching of Boyd was not up to his
usual form, and he was replaced in the fifth
inning by Albie.

Boyd struck out 5, walked 3, and allowed 7
hits. Albie struck out 7 and allowed 1 hit.
No walks.

Score by innings as follows:

Rr-HE ES
R RITICCES S 071048 1 ¥0 10005 "8 =30
Cubs= 22 = 1+ 00RO ORONOR0, 0= 1 20 0

Doubles— Stump, and Boston Jim 2.
Umpire—Banks.
Shed 6—Ninth 4

The Shed team laid out their ‘‘Jinx’’ at
the Storehouse grounds on Monday by beat-
ing the Ninth’s team to the score of 6—4.
Hamilton showed his ability to pitch good
ball when properly supported. He struck out
9 and allowed 5 hits. No walks.

The Ninth’s pitcher, Charlie, had an off
day, and was replaced in the fourth inning
by Jacoby, who finished the game, striking
out 5, and allowing but 1 hit. Charlie was

found for 6 hits, and had 2 walks. He struck
out 7.
Score by innings as follows:
R.H. E
Shedtzsasnise o e RO %G L0 1 0= 4
Niin it S e 01102000—4 50

Home-run—>5343.

Doubles— Davis, 5343, Lucky and Williams-
port.

Umpire—Fred.

The ‘‘ad’’ column will be inserted in next
issue. Send in copy through your Overseer.
Please do not fail to notify the Umpire Of-
fice when goods are sold.

_______—__—_______—————————————-—-_———_;——_———’—3

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The 1st Section was favored with real Au-
tumn weather for its Saturday outing, and
we feel that all enjoyed themselves to the
limit. The parade was the feature, and the
boys made a very creditable appearance, a
bit marred by those who persist in sticking
their hands in their pockets and strolling
along as if they were out walking with their
best girl. Now we all are, or should be,
proud of our organization, of ourselves, and
of our fellows; but how can any one be proud
of such a spectacle as some of these strollers
present? The 11th Block carried off the
marching honors of the day, with the 8th a
close second.

It is feared that some have gotten the im-
pression that smoking is entirely forbidden
while on the grounds. It is only during the
parade and while marching to and from the
cell-house, that smoking is frowned upon.

The orchestra, under Professor Wiegandt’s
able leadership, gave a fine concert. The
Mandolin and Guitar Club, led by B 5048,
played for us during the intermission. The
quartette, B 7867, 7525, 8252, 7825, merit the
very highest praise for their very excellent
work, especially ‘‘Pip,’’ their leader. They
sang ‘‘My Little Girl,”” ‘“Meet Me on the
Boardwalk,’’ finally ‘‘Violets,’”” the product
of our own home talent—lyric by Blooming-
dale (B 7819), music by Wilson (B 5048).
This made quite a hit with the audience. B
8171 then exhibited, to much applause, his
complete mastery of the art of dancing, both
plain and fancy.

The Club, at a large expense, has provided
every member with a button. This button is
meant to be worn at all times, and in plain
sight. It is not a sacred relic to be kept in
the bureau drawer, nor a piece of bric-a-brac
to adorn the mantelpiece. It is your badge
of honor, the outward symbol of the inner
man, a sign that you are trying to live up to
the best that is in you and trying to influence
others to do the same. It is the badge of
brotherhood and good-fellowship, and it in-
sures your being treated with respect. Hence-
forth, without a button worn in plain sight,
no one will be permitted to leave his cell on

Saturdays, to enjoy the privileges of the
Club, and any one not entitled to wear the
button will be severely dealt with if found
with one on his person. The wearing of this
button proves you a member of the H. F. C.
and a man who may be trusted. So wear it,
be careful of in, and try to live up to the

" meaning of it at all times.

Next Saturday, September 30th, the 2nd
Section, comprising the following blocks and
galleries goes out (weather permitting) :
3B,4B,5B,5G, 7TB7 G, and 9 B.

B 8266. Rep. Dels. 7819, 5602.
H. F. C. 0—Block 8 i

Base on balls—B6507—0 for H. F. C.

Strike outs—4

Base on balls for Blocks—B 8179.

Strike outs i S0 —9
