---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_161.jpg
---
_pleasing to the lovers of music.

Devoted to the

| THE UMPIRFE

Of its Readers.

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NOL. V.

Philadelphia, October 4, 1916

NO. 40

ST. STEPHEN’S CHURCH CHOIR
GIVES FINE ENTERTAIN-
MENT: AT E. S. P.

An entertainment of unusual musical ex-
cellence was given at this institution on Sun-
day afternoon last, by St. Stephen’s Church
Choir, under the able direction of Prof. Fran-
cis P. Kinny.

The selections of the program were gems of
the highest order, calling for exceptional tal-
ent to bring out the fine shading and harmo-
nious effects. From the first few bars sung
it was evident that the talent were masters
in the art of song, and their singing proved a
perfect delight to all in attendance.

Miss Cecelia A. Melia, soprano, sang Bizet’s
““Agnus Dei,”” with rare sweetness and per-
fect voice control, bespeaking the artist.

“‘From the Depths,’”’ by Campana, was ren-

dered by Mr. Edward A. McDonald, basso.
His voice is of a mellow richness that is most
Streete’s
““Lead Thou Me,’’ by Miss Augusta A. Kohnle,
contralto, delighted her hearers with her
clever rendition and sweet, sympathetic voice.
No less a treat was the the tenor solo by Mr.
Charles A. Diver, singing ‘‘If With All Your
Hearts,”’ by Mendelssohn. Mr. Diver has a
tenor voice of fine quality not often found.
A trio composed of Miss C. A. Melia, Miss A.
A. Kohnle and Mr. C. A. Diver, sang Owen’s
““Ave Maria,”’ with a perfect blending of
voices and tonal quality that was a delight
to hear.

The ‘“‘Credo’’ from First Mass in G, by Marzo,
and the ‘‘Palms,’’ by Faure, were rendered
in an artistic manner by the entire choir,
eliciting much praise from all sides.

Chaplain Joseph Welch was enthusiastic in
praise of the fine program and excellent sing-
ing of the choir, and very graciously express-
ed thanks to the talent and visiting members
of the American Society for Visiting Cath-
olic Prisoners, under whose auspices the en-
tertainment was given, for their interest in
the welfare of the E. S. P. inmates.

The piano used at the entertainment was
loaned by the H. F. C.

Wins Way Into U. S. by Shaves

A story is told of an enterprising immigrant
who was detained at Ellis Island, N. Y., be-
cause he had no money. On his arrival at the
outbreak of the war, Luka Ilarabiz, Austrian
barber, worked on other detained immigrants
un‘il he had accumulated $3C0. Immigration
officers decided Luka would not become a
charge on the country and ordered him to
leave. Luka said he wouldn’t. Finally Luka
was forcibly put ashore and started for Mil-
waukee to open a harbe - shop

INSIDE JINGLES

Did you ever notice the fellow with a Duke’s
Mixture pocketbook and a Prince Albert taste?
Even so, Julius.

Arrived—One first-class motion picture ma-
chine.

Operators on 9-10-11th Blocks, please take
notice.

““Yid,”” the expert compositor on THE
UMPIRE staff, hates to set up stuff like this,
but ‘‘Orders is Orders.’”’

It seems as if the Printers were just ‘‘kid-
ding’’ the Ninth and Cubs along. The decid-
ing games were practically a walk-away for
the former. The only fly in the ointment,
was the fact that an arbitrator seemed neces-
sary at times to preserve peace and harmony
amongst the contenders.

And verily, our Warden is some arbitrator.

If the fact were only known, the best in-
ventors and mechanics exist behind prison
walls. j

Only yesterday we saw a new invention
which will absolutely revolutionize the quarry-
ing of stone. Itis called a stone stretcher,
and the inventor claims, etc., ete., ete.

Belongs to the same class as the pail of
steam and left-handed monkey-wrench.

The H. F. C. are having dress rehearsals.
for the coming entertainments.

Well, boys, we have the stage, material, and
like the poor, we always have the audience,
so it’s up to the directors to do the rest.

We would also suggest leather arm-chairs
for the press representatives.

At the present writing there is some doubt
as to the outcome of the checker tournament
in progress at the Stonepile Club. ‘‘Kala-
mazoo Bill”’ is meeting all comers and up to
press time has vanquished all but ‘‘Hump, 3
who has held Bill down to three hundred
games out of a possible six hundred.  The
final outcome is being eagerly awaited by an
anxious publiec.

Lots of time, Bill, and then some.

Visitors being shown around the institution
are surprised at the freedom enjoyed by many
of the inmates. Some of the remarks which
are accidentally overheard are worth repeating.

A sweet young thing was very desirous of
seeing a ‘‘lifer’” and asked the officer in charge
to point ore out to her. He, always ready to
oblige, pointed out ‘‘Hage,”” our celebrated
twirler, who at that moment was innocently
sauntering along. ‘My!’’ she exclaimed, ‘‘he
don’t look a bit ferocious.”’

BALL GAMES OF THE WEEK

Tuesday’s Games

Cubs 2—Printers 1

The game played at the Storehouse grounds
on Tuesday between the Cubs and Printers
was closely contested and looked very much
like a tie until the last inning, when Mooney
scored, winning the game for the Cubs.

Hagy’s work on the mound for the Printers
was noticeably good and he succeded in strik-
ing out 15, 4 hits, and 1 walk completing the
rounds.

Albie pitched for the Cubs, and was a little
uneven at times, allowing 6 walks, 4 hits,
and striking out 2.

RiSHIS
Printersmameeiie 000000100—1 4 0O
@ubs -t =i S QU0 10020 000" 0 —2 =)

Triple—Pidge. Umpire— Banks.
Ninth 3—Shed 0

The Ninth proved to be a little too swift
for the Shed at the Storehouse grounds on
Wednesday, winning the game by the score
of 3—0.

Charlie was in good fighting form and held
the Shed down to 2 hits, and 1 walk striking
out 11.

The Shed’s pitcher, Hamilton, weakened in
the fourth inning and he was replaced by
Stone, who struck out 4, and finished the
game. No hits or walks were made off nim.

Hamilton struck out 5, walked 1, and was
found for 5 hits.

R:Hi kB2
Shedem- ot i 000600500 ussue
N Chise ez s BE et 01020000—3 50

Doubles— Chick 2 and B 7598.
Umpire Banks. |

Wednesday’s Games

Printers 9—Cubs 2

Wednesday’s game at the Garage grounds
opened up a little late, but the delay was
made up in fast play, with the luck running
to the Printers, who won the game in fine
form, by the score of 9—2.

Hagy started things by scoring the first
four runs in the first inning; after that things
moved their way.

Mack worked well in the box for the
Printers, with 4 strikeouts, 5 hits and ‘no
passes.

The Cubs had Mooney on the mound in the
first inning, but replaced him in the second
by Albie, who continued to the end of the
He was found for 7hits, and struck

game.
out 1.

RSk
Printers et SWENe 410400000—9 10 0
Eubser EiEY SR 001100000—2 5 0

Umpire—Fred.
