---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_163.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

w

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

The Baldwin Locomotive Works now has a
record payroll, the number being between
19,000 and 20,000, not. including those em-
ployed in the affiliated companies at Eddy-
stone.

8
After cracking the safe in a Chicago res-
taurant and obtaining $1800, Fred Roberts
was held up and robbed of his loot. He com-
plained of his ‘‘loss’’ to the police and was
arrested charged with burglary.
S
Lady barbers are a failure in Wales. A
Cardiff hairdresser who had the nerve to try
them said it took them an hour to mow a
chin. He asked exemption from military
service for his men.
S
John Whittaker, of Clarks Mills, N. Y.,
served a year in the trenches at Flanders un-
hurt. He went to Rochester recently to play
football. In the first skirmish he was
thrown and now he has concussion of the
“brain that will keep him in the hospital sev-
eral weeks.
5
Twice Adolph Athoff responded to encores
at the Bedford Theater, Brooklyn, after his
work on the cornet, saxophone and the
sleighbells, but fell to the floor dead while
the sleighbells still vibrated with the last
note of ‘“The Star Spangled Banner.”’
S

Doctor MecCullough, of St. John’s River-
side Hospital, New York, saved George
Lesk, of Yonkers, who was choking to
death. A piece of meat stuck in Lesk’s
throat. Unable to loosen it, Doctor McCul-
lough made an incision in the throat and ex-
tracted the meat.

Sk

Crude oil that had been thrown overboard
by Uncle Sam’s warships to quell the raging
waters which destroyed the U. S. S. Mem-
phis at Puerto Plata, San Domingo, during a
recent storm, stuck to the wings of sea gulls
and other water fowl taking refuge in the
bays along the coast and rendered them help-
less and unable to fly for several days.

S

When the trusties who have been allowed
to pass out by the front door of Sing Sing
prison for the last few days were being
checked by the keeper recently, it was no-
ticed that Dominick Gughelmo was not among
them. He was found in his cell, giving up
his freedom, as he feared he might run away,
as his father was dying in New York.

2

A four-masted schooner in New York City
from Haiti, has a cargo varied from logwood
to snakes, scorpions, lizards and tarantulas.
The reptiles and others were not in the man-
ifest, but according to the mate, gave the
crew much more concern than the shipment
of wood. In the bag obtained by the crew
in the hunt were sixty-three scorpions.

LIBERTY

True liberty consists in the privilege of en-
joying our own rights, not in the destruction
of the rights of others. Liberty will not
descend to a people; a people must raise them-
selves to liberty; it is a blessing that must
be earned before it can be enjoyed.

Free will is not the liberty to do whatever
one likes, but the power of doing whatever
one sees ought to be done, even in the very
face of otherwise overwhelming impulse.
There lies freedom indeed.

False notions of liberty are strangely com-
mon. People talk of it asif it meant the liberty
of doing whatever one likes—whereas the only
liberty that a man, worthy of the name of
man, ought to ask for, is, to have all restric-
tions inward and outward, removed that pre-
vent his doing what he ought.

The liberty of a people consists in being
governed by laws which they have made them-
selves, under whatsoever form it be of gov-
ernment; the liberty of a private man, in be-
ing master of his time and actions as far as
may be consistent with the laws of God and
of his country.

If the true spark of religious and civil lib-
erty be kindled it will burn. Human agency
can not extinguish it. Like the earth’s cen-
tral fire, it may be smothered for a time;
the ocean may overwhelm it; mountains may
press down; but its inherent and uncon-
querable force will heave both the ocean and
the land, and at some time or another, in
some place or another, the volcano will break
out and flame to heaven. —Selected.

SAGE LEAVES

Retter a hundred refusals to a prisoner’s
request than one unfulfilled promise.
* sk

%

A writer says that men should not be
trusted beyond their ‘‘greatest weakness.”’
In some men that is about all one is able to
find.

£ ES
*

There are some things worse than prison.

For instance, a woman with a peacock brain

‘and the tongue of an adder.
£ 3k

%k
A local paper states that policemen will be
exempt from campaign contributions. Good!
But no one has said anything against their
ability as collectors.

ES £
£

For goodness’ sake let us hear a little more
about the glory of God, and less about the
sinner and punishment.

* Ed
b

There are lots of ups and downs through
life, but the downs move with ten times the
velocity of the ups.
£ £

k

Governor Brumbaugh says ‘‘that only five
per cent. of the young women of today are
able to cook eggs or bake bread.”” Perhaps
that may account for the popularity of the
divorce court and the quick lunch counter.

—The Ranger.

BORROWED MIRTH

Saphedde— ‘‘That girl can’t take a joke.”’
Flubdud— ‘“‘Can’t? Why, I thought she was
engaged to you.’’

5

‘““What’s on the carpet in military affairs
just now?’’

I hear all the militia in camp are to be
sent to the border.’’

2

Artist (pointing to his very successful
picture— ““A donkey’’) —What do you really
think of it, anyhow?’’

Enthusiastic Lady— ‘“Lovely! And you have
put so much of yourself into it, too!"’

S
““And pray, madam.’’ asked the pension
examiner, ‘“‘why do you think yourself en-
titled to a pension?’’
“My husband and I fought all through the
war,’’ was the reply.

&

““When that bad boy threw stones at you,
why didn’t you come and tell me instead of
throwing back at him?’’ said the good boy’s
pious mother.”’

“Tell you!’’ said the good little boy. ‘‘Why,
you couldn’t hit a barn door.”’

&

““Can you tell me where I can buy a good,
healty rattlesnake?’’

‘““What on earth do you want of a rattle-
snake?’’ '

“My cousin Bill in Florida just sent me an
alligator and I want to reciprocate.”’

S

Lady Visitor— ‘‘How long are you in for,
my poor man?’’

Prisoner— ‘‘Dunno, ma’m.”’

Lady Visitor— ‘‘How can thatbe? You must
have been sentenced to a definite period.’’

Prisoaer— ‘N>, mi’m.  Mine was a life
sentence.’’

S

The trial of a notorious old moonshiner
was over, and he bad been found guilty. The
Judge lectured him severely on his long rec-
ord and then sentenced him to thirty-six
years’ imprisonment, saying that the court
had no feeling of anger toward him, only
pity.

The prisoner listened stolidly, and then
he said:

«“Well, I sure am mighty glad that he wasn’t
mad at me.’’

&

A lady stopping at a hotel on the Pacitic coast
rang the bell the first morning of her arrival
and was very much surprised whan a Japa-
nese boy opened the door and came in.

I pushed the button three times for a
maid,’’ she said sternly, as she dived under
the bed covers.

“Yes,”’ the little fellow replied, ‘‘me she.’’
