---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_164.jpg
---
4

THE UMPIRE

STANDING OF THE E. S. P LEAGUE

Wil Pt W. E.: Pect.
Printers 46 26 639 Cubs 44 28 611
Ninth A5 ROTEGI5 Shed ORE63ENE1OF

NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING

Wi EPet, Wi le=sPet:
Brooklyn 92 59 609 Chicago 67 86 438
Phila. 90 59 604 Pittsburg 65 89 422
Boston 86 62 581 St. Louis 60 93 893
New York 85 64 570 Cinn. 60 93 393

 AMERICAN LEAGUE STANDING

WS T Pt Wiz Pet.
Boston 91 61 599 | New York 78 74 513
Chicago 89 65 578 | Washington 76 75 503
Detroit 87 67 565 Clev’land T IR500
St. Louis 79 75 513 | Athletics 34 117 225

R P gy A e

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad” column.

FOR SALE—Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (&%)

il?‘OR éALE—Rlngs, button-hooks, spoons
and toothpicks, made of German silver. Best

Workmanshlp B 7241, 1st Block. (40)
FOR SALE B1rd cages. 25c¢ to $1.00. B
5602 Tth Gallery (40)

FOR SALE Shawls and t1d1es made af:
Germantown wool, 4-fold $2.50 up; tidies 75¢
up. B 6343, 2nd Gallery, 12th Block. (40)

FOR SALE—I have a razor and harmon-
ica for sale, well worth these prices, 50c and
25¢ respectively B 5154, 6th Block. (40)

FOR SALE— Fancy inlaid wood pmcush-
ions and children’s furniture. Cushions from
50c to $2.00. B 8203, 6th Block. (40)

FOR SALE— Fancy bead collars for la-
dies. Prices reasonable. B 5496, 12th Blocek,
2nd Gallery. (40)

'FOR SALE— Thlrty five Victor Records
nearly all new; only $7.00. Reason for sell-
ing: too large a stock on hand. B 7648, Tth
Gdllery (40)

FOR SALE— Gultar first-class. condltzon
worth $8.00, sacrifice 1‘01 $4.00. B 7756 5th
Block. (40)

FOR SALE—Cornet, with case; goodr as
new. Price $7. OO B 5853, 1st Block. (40)

| FOR SALE— High- grdde novelty  hand-

bags, $1.25. Always a welcome present to
ladies. B 7712, 7th Block. (40)

FOR SALE-—Banjo and case, 3 sets of
strings, instruction book, and 39 brackets.
Cost $10.50; will sell for $6 50, including cer-
tificate for 53 lessons in National Academy
of Music. B 6919 12th Block, 2nd Gallery

FOR SALE A B-flat cornet in good con-
d1t10n Price ‘57 510 I8 6367 4th Block. (40

FO’% SALE All kmds of 1nlay Weod at
5c a foot; also inlaid serving-trays. Otto,
B 7698, 7th Gallery. (40\

FOR SALE Slngmg blI‘dS young and old
male and female. B 7507 9th Block. (40)

CHILDREN’S XMAS FUND

The Officers of the H. F. C. to all Members
and Inmates of the Institution, Greeting:

We wish to call your attention to the

. Children’s Xmas Fund—a charity, indeed a

work of love, which grows with each suc-
ceeding year, and yearly is the more needed,
as the high cost of living is a particular foe
to Santa Claus.

It is the wish of the ‘‘Big Brothers’ of
the E. S. P. that the ‘‘kiddies’” of every in-
mate shall be remembered this Xmastide with
the candies and fruit dear to the childish
heart, with some appropriate toy, and per-
haps with some more useful gift. It is upon
your generosity that we must rely to make
this wish a reality. Let each and every one
give according to their ability. The rich
man’s gold and the widow’s mite are alike
welcome.

To gladden the heart of a little child—is
this not a goodly thing to do? How many
without your aid would rise on Xmas morn
to weep over an empty stocking, to seek in
vain for the expected tree, to know but the
bitterness of disappointment on a day when
all should be joy and gladness of heart.
Poor little vicarious sufferers for our own
sins, let us do all that we ecan to give them
at least one happy day, and in so doing
lighten the hearts of the mothers who bear
the burden we have been forced to lay down.

Last year there were 233 little ones to
whom the ‘‘Big Brothers’’ of the E. S. P.
played Santa Claus, besides 22 in the Shelter-
ing Arms Home, who were recipients of our
bounty. And many and touching were the
letters of thanks and appreciation we re-
ceived.

In making this so early start we hope to
avoid the last-moment rush of last year,
when Warden McKenty and his corps of vol-
unteer workers were pushed to the limit in
getting everything ready for timely distribu-
tion. This year it is our wish to have every-
thing ready for distribution a few days before
Xmas, so please send in your contributions at
once by your Overseer or the H. F. C. dele-
gates. Address to the ‘‘Big Brothers,”’ for
the Xmas Fund.

The Chairman of the H. F. C. has started
the ball rolling with a $2.00 contribution; ev-
erybody step up and help to swell it. All
contributions, with donor’s name and num-
ber, will appear weekly in the columns of
THE UmPIRE. Give now, and then sit back
and watch the Xmas Fund grow. Think of
the ‘‘kiddies’’ at home and help to give them
the Merry Xmas that should be the birth-
right of every child. And remember: ‘‘the
Lord loveth a cheerful giver.”’

By B 8266.
Approved by Vice-Pres. H. F. C. A 8432,

A Reading report states that for the third
time in seven months, Reading Transit &
Light Co. conductors and motormen have
been advanced in pay.

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The weather man was again kind to the H.
F. C. and brought out the very best he had
in stock for the benefit of the boys of the
2nd Section, Saturday afternoon. Some com-
plained of its being too cool, but the most
found the fresh breeze very pleasant. Doubt-
less enlivened by the bracing atmosphere, the
boys made an unusually good appearance on
parade. Two entire circuits of the institu-
tion were made to the inspiring music of the
band, under Professor Wiegandt’s leader-
ship. We must award the honors of the day
to the boys of the 7th Gallery, who marched
beneath the folds of ‘‘Old Glory’’ with al-
most soldierly precision. The 9th Block was
a very close second. The orchestra fairly
surpassed its former fine record of perform-
ance. The waltz numbers in particular
aroused the enthusiasm of the audience, and
a number of impromptu dances was the result.

During the intermission the members were
entertained by Quartette No. 1 (B 7867,
7525, 8252, 7825) who sang ‘‘Violets’’ and ‘‘In
a Little Village All Alone’’ in their usual fine
manner. Quartette No. 2 (B 7579, 6476,
7655, 8123) sang a;trio of selections and won the
good opinion of their audience. B 8171 made
a hit as a plain-and eccentric dancer.

The next outing of the Club will probably
be held in the Club Hall, and an afternoon’s
entertainment of the most varied and pleasing
character is promised. The program is not
as yet complete, but motion pictures are as-
sured, and we can state that the Hyperion
Quartette, a high-class musical organization
will be present.

The Chairman will issue tickets to the mem-
bers on the various Blocks and Galleries on
Saturday, October 7, and none but ticket-
holders will be admitted to the hall. Inmates
not members of the H. F. C., may as well re-
main at home, for a “‘pull”’ will avail you
not. - Members are particularly requested to
march in an orderly manner while coming and
returning to their blocks and galleries. The
present mode of division into two sections
will be adhered to, if possible. This depends
in a large measure upon the members them-
selves. If every one is on his best behavior,
and there is no discrder, there will be no
change. Please remember that in being
noisy, in creating any manner of disturbance,
you are harming not yourself alone, but also
your fellows. Be charitable. If you are not
interested in what is going on, at least you
can be quiet and give your neighbor a chance;
he may be enjoying it; you may need to ask
his forbearance some time. .

Next Saturday, October 7, the following
blocks and galleries, comprising the 1st Sec-
tion of the H. F. C. will goout: 1 B, 6 B, 6
G, 8B, 10B,1I'B,/12B, 12 B4l G,'12 B-2°'G

B 37668

P. S.—The party who retained possession
of one of the H. F. C. gloves will please re-

turn the same to his delegate and avoid any
future trouble. B 7819-5602, Rep. Dels.
