---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_165.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

| THE UMPIRE

Fdlted and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, October 11, 1916

NO. 41

ADVOCATES EIGHT-HOUR
DAY FOR ALL WORKERS

Henry Ford to Back National Cam-
paign to That End—Says “It Is
Sure to Come.”

It was announced by Henry Ford, on Sat-
urday last, at a meeting in New York City,
that from then on his slogan would be, “‘‘Out
of the shop in eight hours.”” It originated at
the Biltmore Hotel discussion on that subject,
and there were present Joseph Daniels, Sec-
retary of the Navy; Vane McCormick, chair-
man of the Democratic National Committee;
Thomas Edison, Mr. Ford, and a number of
other prominent men. The question as to
how the eight-hour law campaign could best
be carried out was discussed, and each gave
suggestions that will be incorporated in the
perfected plan.

As nis text, Mr. Ford will take the opera-
tion of the eight-hour day in his own busi-
ness. The plan has been tried there for three
years, after a nine-hour schedule that lasted
for nearly ten years. To the slogan ‘‘out of
the shops in eight hours,’” he said he would
add, ‘‘for the benefit of the employers.’’

Mr. Ford said he was tremendously in earn-
est because he believed that an eight-hour
working day was needed in this country, just
as there was now a need for labor to have a
greater share in the profits it helps to make.
In his own business, he said, the working of
the eight-hour day was past the experimental
stage.

““I employ 55,000 persons in the business,
of which 36,000 are in the factories,’” he con-
tinued. ‘‘The eight-hour day has meant an
increase in the efficiency, loyalty and self-
respect of every one on the pay-roll. I am
in favor of the passage of a Federal law that
will make eight hours the national working
day.”’

Mr. Ford made it plain that he also be-
lieved there should be a fair wage. Profits
had increased in many lines of business, he
said, and some businesses had been built up
from next to nothing by labor as well as by
capital. Those concerns were now paying
great dividends and apparently would never
care for the workers, who, he said, must
fight against an increasing cost of living with
an insufficient wage.

It was suggested that in certain businesses
it might not be satisfactory to operate the
eight-hour shifts.

““There is no business where the employes
can not be worked eight hours a day and no
more,’” he said. “‘If thcy can’t do it, then
the business is not properly managed.’’

INSIDE JINGLES

The dog days are here.
your fall suit?

Have you ordered

Who is the fellow who ate four pans of beans
last Wednesday? More power to you, old boy.
Are you troubled with corns or bunions?

Use sandpaper.

Predictions for the coming Presidential elec-
tion are that Hughes will be elected.

We should worry!

Our popular and well esteemed Instructor of
Calisthenies, ‘‘Gyp’’ will soon leave our sor-
rowing midst. Chance for one to get a job as
brace demonstrator.

We are glad to note the prison population is
diminishing.

Still—the Chateau De McKenty rarely ac-
vertises.

“‘Come Back to Erin’’—This touching bal-
lad is very beautifully, rendered by the Cook-
House Quartette.

Look up, ‘““Doec,’” look up!

The tin-shop is a humming hive of industry
nowadays. ‘‘Fat’’ is making an extra man-
sized mess-pan.

They are all jealous, little one; that’s what.

“Smoke’” says:— ‘“‘Some o’ dese feller’s
got big ideas, tink dey can push a wheel-
barra an’ walk on stilts at de same time.”’

“Pyp,’’ the nightingale of the Sixth Gal-
lery, has an entirely new repertoire this sea-
son, starting with ‘‘Sleep, Baby Sleep’’ and
winding up with that wonderful Broadway
success ‘“Wake Me Up With a Rag.”’

Mr. Gillespie likes to keep his men warm—
and he is doing it too, judging by the rapid
manner those new work-shops went up.

The fellows who stuck to the job deserve
some credit, as pushing a wheelbarrow and
pounding gravel are very, very much harder
than pushing a pen and pounding a Reming-
ton. Eh! What?

SAFETY FIRST—AIl moving-picture
booths must be lined with asbestos or zinc.
Failure to comply with the above regulations
is punishable by fine or imprisonment.

Of course the boys were disappointed last
Saturday, but cheer up; that box will soon
be lined and made fire-proof, bomb-proof,
and 100% over proof.

BALL, GAMES OF THE WEEK

Wednesday’s Games
Cooks-Bakers 9—Printers 4

The game played at the Storehouse grounds
on Wednesday between the Cooks-Bakers and
Printers proved to be a little too swift for
the Printers, the Cooks-Bakers winning by
the score of 9—4.

Banks pitched for the Cooks-Bakers, and
was a little uneven at times, but won his
game, allowing 4 walks, 7 hits, and striking
out 7.

Mack pitched for the Printers and was
called out of the box in the fourth frame, al-
lowing 1 walk, 4 hits, and striking out 6.

Hagy took Mack’s place, allowing 5 hits,
striking out 8, and walking none.

Home-runs— Williamsport 2, Baum.

Doubles—Hagy 2, Bobbie, Morgan, Tucker,
Chick, Bill, and Stonie.

Umpire— Fred.

Thursday’s Games
All-Stars 8 —Printers 0

At the game played on the Storehouse
grounds on Thursday between the All-Stars
and Printers, Charlie pitched for the All-Stars,
allowing 2 walks, 4 hits, and striking out 5.

Bobbie was in the box for the Printers and
was hit pretty hard in the first frame, but
he tightened up and pitched fair ball until
the close of the game, allowing 1 walk, 7
hits, and striking out 9. .

Doubles—Chick, Charlie, Baum, and Buck.

Umpire—Fred.

Friday’s Games
Printers 7—All-Stars 1

On Friday last, the Printers played the All-
Stars, and after the fourth inning they walk-
ed away from the All-Stars with a score of
7—1.

Fingers pitched for the Printers, and struck
out 4, allowed 4 walks, with no hits.

Hump was in the box for the All-Stars and
was found for 11 hits, passing 2, and struck
out 3.

Umpire—Fred.

CLUB FIELDING

G PEORT SN INE s ST I G
Ninth 80 1695 611 32 " 12308~ 93]
Cubs 81 1665  629° 47 2341 H 00
Printers 80" 1698 =414 249" 2161 2" 978
Shed 77 1527 ~i630F A7+ 27204 E8eo0

CLUB BATTING

G CAUBLC R5H, §SEB SR
Cubs 8L 2079 406 542 241 " 95]
Printers 8052093 - 417 511 ~ 8o
Ninth 80 2071 383 504 188 .243

(Contiinued on page four.)
