---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_166.jpg
---
2

_—

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadé]phia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, October 11, 1916

1385. Females
Last serial number B 8381.

PrisoN PoprPULATION— Males
21. Total 1406.

REBUILDING TO ATTAIN

Perhaps you have been told some time in
life that you will have a second chance to
make good, seeing that you have made a mess
of it so far; that whatever your wasted op-
portunities may have been, the dead past
will bury its dead and whatever misconduct
may be laid up against you, there is still a
chance to retrieve. Well, that is true. But
bear in mind that the effect of your deeds
still remain and in the long run will tind you
out. That which you have done has been en-
graved upon the mind for all time and may
never be erased.

There is little use writing of any sentiment
that may actas a deterrent to earnest endeav-
or; to do so would be to suggest the diseased
and flowing fancies of the dyspeptic who, be-
cause he does not like the earth or his neigh-
bors, wants to share his spleen and make
them see all things through the spyglass
of his own atrabilious temperament.

It may be said that it is the ‘‘last infirmity
of noble minds’’ that one keeps on to the
very end wanting to rebuild and make some-
thing of himself and be something better
than he has been; and without question he
should have every opportunity offered him to
““make good.”” If you have some sure device
to dampen his ardor and to annihilate his en-
thusiasm, keep the recipe to yourself. He
knows already all the discomfitures there are,
unless he has been coddled all his years.

Perhaps one may recall that in our nursery
days there was a brave spirit of make-believe,
which is to the serious purposes of adult life
what the seed is to a plant full-grown. ‘‘There
is a gallant spirit in a child that looks on all
the world as its playhouse and every breath-
ing creature as a friend. That is why young
children are captivating, why every baby is a
monarch and his perambulator a throne. His
smile is the most winsome aspect of creation,
and we sombre grown-ups get down on our
hands and knees to win that royal favor. The
world is in the. habit of conferring princely
rewards upon its mirthmakers. All the world
loves a joker—if he is not-a mere inveterate

THE UMPIRE

punster. It wants to hear a funny story—if
it is apposite and pithy. But the when and
the where of a joke are quite as important
to consider as the wit of it.”’

Though you may not keep pictures on your
wall or table of those you most admire, yet
you may have the mental imagery, and you
long to grow to be like them. They are not
those who look on the seamy side, who rejoice
in flaws, who bear tattle and false witness,
who are ready to object and are filled with
fearsome surmises. They are not borrowers
of trouble. They seem illumined and they
are the first to see a rift in the clouds
when there are such. If you adapt yourself
to their likeness you may not win fame, but
your life will become worth while in the ef-
fort to attain that end.

DOES PUNISHMENT DETER?

The theory that the more severe the pun-
ishment the less the number of offenses, is
founded upon the belief, in juvenile educa-
tion, which teaches, ‘‘Spare the rod and spoil
the child.”” It is asserted that men are chil-
dren of larger growth. That is true. Then
they should receive the same method of treat-
ment as children. The only difference is in
degree of punishment. The unruly child is
placed in a dark room. The man is cast into
prison, and if he continues unruly, there is a
solitary apartment allotted to him. Thus the
argument proceeds.

So much flighty fiction has been written
of the deterrent effects of punishment that a
calm survey of conditions is in order. Does
a child become better and grow stronger in
good conduct by successive spanking? Is he
not rather more tempted to conceal and to
deceive? Through kindness may he not be
led to see the reason for the right even if he
be only a child. Is kindness not far more
effective than fear of the parental rod? And
is not the juvenile world in general but slight-
ly influenced, if at all, by the flogging of this
or that bad boy at home or school?

However these questions are answered, it
remains that the best thought and practise in
juvenile education today is strongly opposed
to physical punishment. On the contrary, it
subscribes to the sunlight theory. It upholds
the belief in positive affirmative measures.
Fill a child’s mind with the sense of doing
right, place him: among wholesome surround-
ings, and he is restrained, not by fear of the
consequences of doing wrong, but by the love
of the good which possesses him.

The child, severely or unjustly punished,
becomes deceptive. The man, under similar
conditions, lunges his lance of cynical hostil-
ity against the social order. Consumed with
a fiery vengeance, he jumps at the chance to
‘“‘get even.’” Pitiable fool, you say. Yea,
verily, but none the less the logical product
of a system inspired by the doctrine of the
rule of the rod. Do you realize that it is
authoritatively asserted that ‘‘four-fifths of
Sing Sing’s present population has been in
prison before?’’

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

But where belief in the efficacy of diseci-
pline supplants this banal and harmful faith _
in fear, reason reasserts herself. Then it
becomes clear to the prisoner that segrega-
tion and the wise use of correctional measures
were a necessary process in order to replace
him in the world as an economic asset of so-
ciety.

As to the tight-rope walker tottering on
the line betwixt within and without the law,
now swaying to one side and then the other,
how much, think you, does punishment of the
other fellow deter him? Precious little! He
feels himself clever enough to avoid the pit-
fall. Or else he will be able through techni-
calities to avert detection or conviction.
Even in murder cases, capital punishment is
not a deterrent to the man of average intelli-
gence. Recently the governor of Massachu-
setts sent a message to the legislature recom-
mending the abolition of capital punishment.
Why did he do it? The message gives the
answer: ‘‘As statistics do not prove that capi-
tal punishment lessens the number of crimes,
it would seem that the time has arrived for
doing away with that method of punishment.’’

When men in general understand that sin
is folly and that law-breaking is nothing less
than a paranoiac pleasure, they will, as sound
intelligence returns, spurn such things. ‘The
joys of positive truth will create the dissipat-
ing sunlight of reason, making the beauty of
goodness clearly apparent. A thousand per
cent. more impelling is such a disciplinary
force than all the dire punishments inflicted
under the old prison system in their deterrent
effect upon others. In what dank, dreary
dungeon of slimy iniquity did such an ill-
begotten theory ever come into existence?

—Good Words.

Our View Point, of Walla Walla, Wash-
ington, and The Prison Monitor, of Windsor,
Vermont, for September, each contain a
number of interesting articles worthy of pe-
rusal by all readers.

The new dress and admirable articles in
the New Era of September 29, is a good in-
dication of the progress of the prison press
to a higher standing.

Many a young man is unable to paddle his
own canoe even after some one has presented
him with the canoe and paddle.—The Square
Deal.
