---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_167.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

A club is the solution of the eugenic prob-
lem among the Zulus of Africa, said J. H.
Balmer, for thirty-two years a resident of
that country, now in Chicago. ‘“When a baby
is born to Zulu parents and it appears to be
below the Zulu standard, it is given a gentle
wallop over the head,’’ he explained.

&

Somebody placed a toy torpedo on the
trolley-car track near Madison Square, N.
Y., the other day, and a Broadway car rum-
bled over it. Immediately a bomb scare
spread. Passengers in the ‘‘hobble-skirt
car’’ mauled, scratched and walloped each
other in their efforts to escape. Six arrests
were made.

o

Judge Landis, at Lancaster, Pa., recently
dismissed a writ of N. Stella Eby to get
possession of her husband, Isaac R. Eby, a
well-to-do farmer, 61 years old. They were
married August 16, at Elkton, Md., and he
said it was against his wishes. He is with
relatives in Lancaster and she is living on
his farm. She was his housekeeper.

& ;

From Eastport, Me., it is reported that the
famous old U. S. frigate ‘‘Franklin,’’ flagship
of Admiral Farragut on his European cruise
in 1867 and for the last thirty years receiving-
ship at the Norfolk, Va., navy yard, was
burned here recently for the metal in her
hull. The ‘‘Franklin’’ was built at the Charles-
town navy yard in 1818. She cost $1,331,000
and was sold for $16,766.

S

It is reported that two prisoners from the
“‘honor gang,’’ while working outside Sing
Sing prison, made their escape. It so stirred
the prison Mutual Welfare League, a prison or-
ganization, that they decided to offer rewards of
$100 each for their arrest. The outside branch
of the league in New York City notified
Warden Thomas M. Osborne that efforts
would be made to capture the refugees.

&

Because his engine did not fire properly
Wallace Kennedy, of Bridgeville, N. J., owes
his well-filled purse and perhaps his life.
Kennedy stopped his car near Greenwood to
offer help to a stalled automobile. Two col-
ored men walked out and asked him to give
up his money. In his excitement Kennedy
- stepped on his accelerator and the engine
made a report like several guns. The scared
highwaymen jumped into the bushes and
Kennedy escaped.

A JUDGE'S VIEW

We hear much gloating over the amount of
money saved by prison labor and prison man-
ufacturers, but what becomes of that mone)?
It goes in the state treasury, but it
does not belong there. It belongs to the
women and children who bear the burdens of
life and disgrace besides.

““I knew an old man who was a blacksmith_

For fifty years he had stood at his little forge
and hammered out the iron. Then one Sat-
urday night he put away his tools, and hung up
his leather apron. He said, ‘‘I am going to rest.
My boy is going to run this shop and I will
not be here again.”” On Monday morning he
walked down town, but not to his shop. He
told his friends, ‘I have quit the shop for
good.”” Then that son committed a .crime. I
had to sentence him to from one to five years
at hard labor as the law provided. The next
morning the old man went back to the shop.
He took down his leather apron, gathered the
coals in the forge, pumped the bellows and
created a flame under the iron. When I sen-
tenced that son I also sentenced that old man
to from one to five years at hard labor, be-
cause he had to go back to work to provide
for his little family.
- ““There is a band of idlers in every city and
community who are a menace to society. Idle-
ness breeds crime quicker than any other
thing. I won’t except liquor. One idle man
walks down one side of the street and leads
your boy astray into vice and disgrace. The
law does nothing. Another idler goes down the
other side of the street, throws a brick
through a window and steals a pair of socks.
The law sends him to the penitentiary. The
first crime is s0 much more serious than the
other that it can not be mentioned in the
same class, yet our laws never take the
criminal in hand.”’—Judge Smart of the
Douglas-Franklin Judicial District of Kansas,
at the Le Loup Picnic—From The Baldwin
Ledger.

A PRAYER

Let me be a little kinder,

Let me be a little blinder

To the faults of those about me,
Let me praise a little more;

Let me be when I am weary
Just a little bit more cheery—
Let me serve a little better
Those that I am striving for.

Let me be a little braver

When temptation bids me waver.
Let me strive a little harder

To be all that I should be;

Let me be a little meeker,

With the brother who is weaker,
Let me think more of my neighbor
And a little less of me.

Let me be a little sweeter—
Make my life a bit completer,
By doing what I should do,
Every minute of the day.
Let me toil without complaining,
Not a humble task disdaining;
Let me face the summons calmly
When death beckons me away.
— Detroit F'ree Press.

Defer nothing till the morrow. Resclu-
tions which are not carried into execution at
the right time resemble clouds without rain
in a long drouth.

BORROWED MIRTH

Hocus—“‘Does your wife ever have any
spasms c¢f economy?’’

Pokus— ‘“Well, she’s always talking about
how much carfare we could save if we only
had an automobile.’’

2

““You asked her father when he was in a
pleasant frame of mind, eh?”’

““Yes, it cost me $5 to get his mind in that
state, but after it was accomplished he was
willing to give me the whole family.”’

o

“There goes another married man,’’ said
the girl at the candy counter.”’

““How do you know?’’ asked the cashier.

“He used to buy a three-pound box of
candy twice a week, and now he buys half a
pound once a month.”’

o

Junior Partner—“‘I se2 you have engaged
a new man. Ishea good salesman?’’

Senior Partner— ‘‘Good salesman! My hat!
I had to send for the police to prevent him
from talking me into taking him into partner-
ship.”’

%

The candidate for enlistment was being
questioned as to his qualifications.

““What is your religion?’’ asked the recruit-
ing sergeant.

The young man smiled pleasantly and re-
plied: “‘I’'m not particular. What kind are
you short of?”’ :

g

The backyard of a house in a Massachu-
setts town is overlooked by the windows of
an orphan asylum. In this backyard stood a
barrel of apples which were disappearing ata
rapid rate.

The woman of the house, a widow and a
knowing mother, summoned her eight-year-
old son to make inquiry touching the curious
disappearance of the fruit.

““Yes, Mother; I've eaten the apples,”
he confessed, ‘‘but Ireally had to do it.”’

“‘Had to do it?”’

‘““Yes, Mother,
many cores.’’

the orphans wanted so

&5

Little Harry disliked being kissed. One
day he had been kissed a lot. Then, to make
matters worse, on going to the picture palace
in the evening, instead of his favorite cowboy
and Indian pictures, there was nothing but a
lot more hugging and kissing. He returned
home completely out of patience with the
whole tribe of women.

After he had been tucked into bed,
mother came in to kiss him good-night. He
refused. Mother begged and begged till in
disgust he turned to his father, who was stand-
ing at the doorway looking on, and said,
“Daddy, for heaven’s sake give this woman
a kiss!”’
