---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_169.jpg
---
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

' THE UMP{RE

F dited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphié, October 18, 1916

NO. 42

U. S. DEMANDS ON MAIL SEIZ-
URES REFUSED BY ALLIES

May Bring on Crisis Before Election—
Government Officials Determined
to Force an Issue

Government officials are greatly irritated
over the reply of the English and French Gov-
ernments to the American note protesting
against the holding up of mails to neutral
countries.and the detention of United States
money orders. The notes received Saturday
will be made public simultaneously in all three
countries. In general, the notes are unsatis-
factory and they will evoke a strong protest
within the next two weeks from the United
States.

‘This Government, it was explained by a
State Department official, has almost lost
patience with the attitude of the Allied Gov-
ernments as regards the detention and rigid
censorship of mail, and orders may be issued
by the Navy Department that will lead to a
crisis. According to recent information, the
Allied Governments offer no relief from the
practise of considering mail frem this country,
even to neutrals, as possible contraband of war.

After a delay of four months in answering
the American protests on the subject, during
which time the practises continued with in-
creasing aggravation, it is known that the
Allied Governments have in no way altered
their position as expressed in previous notes.
The new notes, instead of promising to alter
the practises, propose to improve the adminis-
tration of the censorship and this, they point
out, should lead to less delay in the mails to
neutrals.

But they in no way agree to discontinue the
bringing of ships bound to neutral ports to
England and there enforcing the censorship
of mails.

That the notes are entirely unsatisfactory

to this Government was the declaration of a
high official. The only thing that will satisfy
this Government is, as was expressed in our
protest, ‘‘a radical change in the present Brit-
ish and French policy, restoring to the United
States its full rights as a neutral Power.”’
" The stand of the Allied Governments on the
mail question and the British blacklist decree
have brought to a culmination American griev-
ances against the British Government. The
patience of the State Department has been
exhausted, it is said, and therefore something
like what Washington considers a crisis is ex-
pected to be forced between the United States
and the Allied Governments. Notes shortly
to be dispatched are calculated to bring mat-
ters to a sudden head before the November
election.

PRISONERS WORK
IN THE OPEN

Are Building Roads and Clearing Farm
Lands—Dismissed Men Soon Find
Employment—Only 2 Escapes

5 Reported.

The correspondent of a state paper, in writ-
ing up an account of prison conditions in the
West, says that a "‘noticeable improvement in
treating prisoners has taken place throughout
that section, with greater changes to follow.”’
Referring to the Idaho State Penitentiary, he
says:

“Open air for the prisoners in this state has
been given an extensive test during the last
three years by Warden John Snook. The re-
sults have been so satisfactory that the warden
is providing labor of this class for all the men
whom he believes it is wise to give this {ree:
dom. Some worisoners have escaped, to be
sure, but Warden Snook declares that the bene-
ficial results obtained on other prisoners more
than offset this risk. One result shown on the
prison books is that during the past seven
years only 12 discharged convicts of a total of
835 who served their terms have returned on new
charges. This feature alone is said to justify
the-open air labor plan in vogue in Idaho.

““The men in the labor camps are not given
light tasks. They are engaged in the construc-
tion of roads, in stone quarries, in clearing the
farm lands, and tilling the soil. Their training
is such that when they have served their time
they have no trouble in soon finding employ-
ment. Thus they keep out of mischief and
avoid prisons.

“The heaviest task undertaken by prison
labor in I[daho was the construction of a
safe approach to the renowned Shoshone Falls,
The men moved on an average of ten tons of
rock and earth a day. For their labor they
were paid $5.00 a month anid the expense of the
undertaking to the state was from 50 to 75 per
cent. less than a contract price for the same job
would have been.

“T'wo years ago Warden Snook sent a number
of prisoners to clear an extensive tract of sage
brush. Four hundred acres were prepared for
cultivation, and now the entire -tract is profit-
able to the state. The environment of the farm
hands and road laborers is removed entirely
from the prison atmosphere.

“Guards always are in the camps, but they
serve as captainsof gangsratherthan watchers.
The men are given every opportunity to forget
their old ways and to become interested ina
new occupation.”’

Present indications are that Hughes will be
elected in November.

INSIDE JINGLES

Vote for the ‘“full dinner pail.”’

It’s a good thing some of us are in here.
A wave of infantile paralysis is sweeping
the country.

The price
war is over.
Hurrah! more P. P. on Sundays.

of_ flour will lower when - the

“You can not keep a good man down.

That is why Jimmie, the organist, is back on
the job again. Stick to it, Jimmie.

A new game has been introduced. It is
called ‘‘On the Tail of a Lonesome Mutton.’’

Who said Stew?

The Baldwin Locomotive Works advertised
for four thousand men.

If they can wait a while, we’ll help them
out. ;

““Unsur’’ Fritz, the peerless manager of the
garage, is an ardent baseball fan and some-
times, he ist madt on dat Oomire, too.

Nich wahr, Fritz?

If seventeen and three-tenths bushels of
“‘Spuds’’ cost twenty-one and two-sevenths
dollars—Find the cost of a bushel of hay.

If you don’t know, ask Professor Crickett. -

The eniment judiciary are evidently a trifle
hazy as to the difference between a peni-
tentiary and a day nursery.

Look around you.

Sam McK., the rag-time drummer boy, and
““Westy,’”” our invincible long distance piano-
player, make a combination hard to beat.

If you should hear loud wails of anguish
issuing forth from the Sixth Gallery on a
Friday, do not be alarmed.

It is only some of our Neapolitan friends
crying for more macaroni.

There are over a hundred million people in
the United States.

Whenever you are feeling the sense of
your importance, just figure out what per-
centage you form of the total. Yes, and me
too.

“Slim,”’ the E. S. P. electrical wizard, and
his assistant certainly performed wonders
by installing the necessary wiring for the
stage, picture machine, ete., in such a limited
time.

Edison, look to your laurels.
