---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_170.jpg
---
e SRR i S g s S P P b e

PSR R

y

SREREE posgpatin . KX 38 L il R § Spindio ST A
T g e T e

B U i e S ntn U L AN

¥
1
1
&
A
i
b
%
»

TR VAL o

T A T R LR e

THE UMPIRE

e = e e e e

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, October 18, 1916

1394. Females
Last serial number B 8391.

PrisoN PoruLATiON—Males
21. Total 1415.

OUR DUAL NATURE

It is said of Stevenson, that he awoke from
an oppressive dream and wrote the story
which he called his worst effort but which
really made him famous, ‘‘Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde.”” Since its publication the subject of
a dual nature has been frequently commented
upon by many and some have said it was not
an unfamiliar experience to feel that more
than one personality inhabited their material-
istic form. To just what extent this fact
may be carried would be hard to surmise, but
that we mortals are at times subject to an
unusual impulse to do something out of the
ordinary can not be denied.

Not so very long ago a college graduate
confessed that after he had read Stevenson’s
story of dual personality, he became obsessed
with the thought to carry the fiction into ac-
tual fact. At last he became ‘‘possessed’’
and by day he was good, while at night he
traveled about like a ghoul, with an over-
powering desire to bring terror to those who
approached him, and it appears that he did
no harm other than to cause fright, though
evidently he had a morbid delight in scaring
his victims, and in watching their expressions
of terror. In his declaration he compares his
mental state to that of a person obsessed by
the craving for opiates. Undoubtedly this is
a clear case of the power of suggestion prey-
ing upon a weak will, and unfortunately there
are many such. They often think they must
do as they see or read or hear of others doing,
and perhaps this will account for the influ-
ence of bad books, suggestive moving pic-
tures, and evil communications that smothers
or nullifies good breeding. :

The vagaries of the human mind are many
and varied, and there are but few who do not
know times and occasions when the evil hand
of Mr. Hyde within one’s self pushes at the
back of Dr. Jekyll’s spotless integrity. The
might of the struggle is not the same in all
cases, though some sterling natures that may
have continued their way to eminence appear
to be unaware ‘‘that there ever was a conflict
between virtue and appetite.”” But with

others the battle nearly rends in twain the
being. The struggle to resist evil sometimes
becomes an agony to the soul, and few are so

- well in control of themselves that they can

avow the meeting of ‘‘evil in their flesh and
blood forever dispelled.”” Which is amplified
by the lines of the poem which reads—

‘““We lead two lives, the outward seeming fair,
And full of smiles that on the surface lie;
The other spent in many a silent prayer,
With thoughts and feelings hidden from
the eye.”’

IN BEHALF OF THE FIRST OFFENDER

The reflective mind will readily concede
that the immediate social and industrial cir-
cumstances through which the released first
offender must progress virtually constitute
the problem of the stability of his newly ac-
quired freedom. The arbitrary elements of
a provocative social injustice must be dili-
gently opposed and destroyed to the ultimate
degree of success, if from the ruins of a
blighted beginning a monument to successful
human endeavor can be reared. On this bal-
ances the proof of his future disposition for
good or evil.

The absolute, convincing testimony of a
prisoner’s moral rejuvenation is never so
tested as during the first days of his freedom.
His vulnerability to withstand the trenchant
assaults of past disreputable influences,
present uncertitude, and the. vague vicissi-
tude of a dubious future, is then called upon
to exert its greatest efforts of resistance,
when he stands liberated but defenseless as at,
perhaps, no other period of his career.

The problem of not only starting but main-
taining such an attitude throughout the days
of his endeavors—until final reward places him
beyond the sphere of temptations calculated
to inspire his speedy return to prison—sub-
Jects him to the real probation of his novitiate,
through which his intentions and ability to
‘““make good’’ must be demonstrated.

Handicapped ashe is by poverty, the igno-
rance of any trade or profession, the absence
of reliable friends—or, if any, their determina-
tion to avoid the renewal of friendly rela-
tions—the inability to convince a prospective
employer of honesty and efficiency by the pal-
pable evidence of an all too recent record,
very often a limited acquaintance with the
prevailing language, customs, and demands of
an unconcerned people amongst whom he
must successfully fraternize for the preser-
vation of his economic existence, and a thou-
sand other disadvantages which harness him
within boundary of an inglorious social serf-
dom, marks the first days of his attempted
re-entry into the society which, in the main,
disassociates its assistance from his attempts.
Thus, if through this ordeal of his covenant
he emerges triumphant, he pre-eminently es-
tablishes evidence of the permanent nature
of his reformation, merits spontaneous sym-
pathy, and—incidentally—guarantees for the
future, with some measure of definite assur-

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M,

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

ance, those co-ordinate characteristics ex-
acted for desirable citizenship.

These conditions, however, are applicable
only to a kind, of which kind there are two
species here illustrated; one briefly en pas-
sant, the other with minuter consideration,
but in a not too detailed manner.

Obvious and scrupulous care has been ex-
ercised herein not to discuss or include the
popular exquisite who, after serving his sen-
tence—definite or indefinite—steps out and
jauntily resumes his position in society; or
yet his slightly less fortunate associate, who
may have renumerative employment await-
ing his return to social industry; but rather
he who, devoid of influence or affluence,
trained technical knowledge or assistance,
and whose efforts to recreate his manhood
—reconstruct his respectability and responsi-
bility—frequently finds his efforts discourag-
ed, or ridiculed.

The contradistinction may be advanced that
in cases similar to that last described, the
State Government, through the Parole Com-
mission, adopts comprehensive measures to
palliate or entirely obviate the exigencies of
such a case; but it must be inferred that this
introspect does not necessarily confine it-
self to first offenders leaving thig * * * *
X Bk * k% % Penitentiary: far from itn A
generally broader aspect of the problem is
entertained, and first offenders from prisons
throughout the country take precedence in
the mind of the author. Moreover, the es-
tablished fact should be borne in mind that
States operating parole legislation, for the
immediate protection and industrial improve-
ment of paroled prisoners, do not authorize
their commissioners to exercise their func-
tions, officially, for the benefit of released
convicts who have served definite sentences
—and this type of convict merits and de-
mands chief consideration.

(Continued in our next issue.)

THE TEST OF A MAN

Not by the measure of his deed

Does life make trial of man’s strength;
Not by his wisdom, nor his creed,

Nor yet by his compassion’s length.

Nor by his span of worldly power,
Nor even what his truth might dare;
But ’prisoned in his darkest hour,
But how much he can bravely bear!
—Selected.
