---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_171.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

hﬁ_\

_ INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

John Kehoe was standing outside his home in
Passaic, N. J., when the nurse came outand
told him ‘“It’s a boy.”” His brother Frank,
who lived across the street, shouted, ‘“‘Come
in; I want to show you twins, a boy and a
girl!”’

S

Max H. Hite, who says he has discovered a
violet ray enamel, will starta factory in Har-
risburg. The paint illuminates objects at
night, and the inventor says it can be used
around keyholes and on doorbells and door-
knobs effectively.

5

Fifty of the 100 monkeys consigned to the
Rockefeller Institute to be inoculated with
infantile paralysis germs died of tuberculosis
on the way to San Francisco from the Orient.
The larger of the survivors attempted to kill
their smaller companions.

8

When thieves entered his hen-roost recently
and stole all but four of his fine flock, Edward
McAvoy, a retired sergeant of the United
States Marine Corps, who operates a chicken
farm near Flemington, N. J., posted a bill
defying the thief to get the four he had ‘‘in-
advertently overlooked.”” Last night the
quartette of hens was taken.

S

When an overturned lantern set fire to a
tar preparation which is being laid on Welsh
road near Bristol Pike, firemen were forced
to chase a stream of flame which spread over
the highway for more than half a mile. Be-
fore the blaze was under control the home of
Dr. E. E. Terry, in Welsh road, wasdamaged
to the extent of $100.

S

Nanette Harvey, the five-year-old niece of
Mrs. Gerald J. Delaney, of Spokane, has ar-
rived safely from that city after a journey of
nearly 7000 miles by sea and land from her
native city, Belfast, Ireland. Nanette’s father,
who served in the British Navy, was killed on
board his ship more than a year ago and re-
cently her mother died, leaving Nanette and
her sisters orphans.

5

A new camera photographic plate, which
can be used to load any camera and which
will reproduce the colors of nature was ex-
plained by the inventor, Frederick Ives, of
this city, before the members of the Grenoble
Club at a recent meeting on Green street. It
is made in three sections—a blue plate, a
green film and ared plate. Color photography
heretofore, it was explained, had been done
only by means of special cameras.

S

Motion pictures are to be used by the Navy
Department to get 16,000 recruits, authorized
under the new naval appropriation act and
needed to man new warships. Every phase
of the sailorman’s life will be depicted in
films and the films will be furnished free to
motion-picture houses throughout the country.

TOMORROW

He was going to be all thata mortal should be,
Tomorrow;
No one should be kinder or braver than he
- Tomorrow.
A friend who was troubled and weary he knew,
Who’d be glad of a lift, and who needed it, too,
On him he would call and what he could do
Tomorrow.
Each morning he stacked up the letters he’d
write
Tomorrow;
And thought of the folks he would fill with
delight
Tomorrow.
It was too bad, indeed, he was busy today,
And hadn’t a minute to stop on his way;
More time I will have to give others he’d say,
Tomorrow.
The greatest of workers this man would have
been
Tomorrow;
The world would have known him, had he
ever seen
Tomorrow.
But the fact is he died and he faded from view,
And all that he left here when living was
through
Was a mountain of things he intended to do
Tomorrow.
— Selected.

SURVIVAL OF THE FIT

The contact of races that differ widely in
civilization, has generaly resulted in the de-
cline of the inferior race—a result usually
traceable to the operation of ‘‘the law of
struggle and work.”” According to the Geo-
graphical Review, the higher civilization is too
often destructive because it eliminates native
habits of work and fails to provide a substi-
tute. In primitive societies, the burden of
manual labor and of the handicrafts, falls
upon the women; war is the man’s work.
The arrival of the trader, the missionary, the
settler, and intervention by their govern-
ments to protect them, means that war ceases.
Thus the men are left idle. In the eastern
islands of Malaysia the tribes are rapidly de-
creasing in numbers. The sago palm offers
too easy a livelihood for a people deprived of
their favorite pursuit — which is warfare.
There are, however, some notable exceptions.
The Maori has taken to farming and sheep
raising, and so the race has more than held its
own for over twenty years. Labor has also
greatly benefitted the nativesof the Southern
New Hebrides. In our own Southwest, the
Navajo flourishes because he continues to
work. Stefansson has described the destruc-
tive influences at work among the demoraliz-
ed Eskimo, and similar instances are reported
from the extreme tip of South America. In
less than two generations the Yahgan Indians
have dwindled from several hundred to a mere
handful. The Pampas Indian has gone, and
the Patagonian is following him.

No argument is equal to a happy smile.

BORROWED MIRTH

Church—*“Your face looks as if it had been
cut in several places.”’ <

Gotham— ‘“No, only in one place; my bar-
ber’s.”’

K

Policeman— ‘‘How can you be tired when
you are doing nothing?’’

Beggar— “‘I guess it’s because there’s so
much to do.’’ ;

S

‘“Johnnie,’’ said the minister to a bright li*-
tle boy of six, ‘“do you know the ten com -
mandments?”’

“Not very well,”” replied the youngster.
“I just know ’em by sight.”’

5

Pa—*I think we’ll make a surgeon of lit-
tle Bobbie.”’

Ma—““Why?”’ :

Pa—‘He’s been cutting the the appen-
dixes clean out of six of my books.’’

S

Nitts—““That guy would certainly
good soldier.”’

Ignitz—‘“Howssat?’’

Nitts—‘‘Oh, you can treat him, but he
wo’'n’t retreat—Awgwan.”’ .

5

Friend— ‘“What is the strangest case that
you ever had in life insurance?’’

Agent—‘‘Miss Oldbud. She took out a
twenty-year endowment policy when she
was nineteen years_ of age, and it matures
this year, when she is twenty-eight.”’

S

““A friend of mine, who is a magistrate,
found his practise came in handy when he
found a valuable book with a loose leaf.’’

‘““What did he do?”’

‘‘He had it bound over to keep the piece.’’

S

‘“This war can’t last much longer.”’

*‘How do you figure that out?”’

‘At the present rate it wo’n't be long be-
fore all the Allied troops will be prisoners of
war in Germany, and all the Germans will be
prisoners in the hands of the Allies. When
that happens they’ll have to stop.’’

5

‘““Young man,’’ said the country counselor
of a Southern paper, ‘‘you have done me ir-
reparable harm.”’

‘““What have I done?’’ asked the bewildered
reporter.

““I got in largely on a temperance platform,
as you may recollect.’’

‘“Yes, sir.”’

‘‘And you speak of me in this morning’s
paper as ‘drinking my coffee with gusto.’” It
will take more than a lifetime to get it out
of the heads of my constituents that gusto
isn’t some kind of alcoholic beverage.’’

make a
