---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_172.jpg
---
BRI TR

v Y

S R Bl A SR A el G i A R i e N Rt S et i st i S R B R 4 il it D AN DA R SRR Rt

i B TR b BT it e AL N

THE UMPIRE

e

_—

CHICAGO TO HAVE
$20,000,000 STATION

Late Chicago reports are to the effect that
a steel and granite structure, 700 by 400 feet
in dimensions, with a facade of columns that

it is intended shall surpass in size and beauty

any similar architecture in the world, with
observation towers overlooking a beautiful
harbor, groves and a sanded bathing beach,
are included in the plans partially revealed
for the new Illinois Central passenger ter-
minal. :
Architects and others who planned the new
station aim to make it the largest and finest
railroad terminal in the world. No estimate
of the total expenditure has been announced,
but it is estimated that the site and buildings
may cost $20,000,000. '

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The 2nd Section of the H. F. C. thoroughly
enjoyed its Saturday outing. The entertain-
ment in the Club hall surpassed the most san-
guine expectations. For the first time in the
institution’s history a complete entertain-
ment by outside talent has been furnished
the inmates, and the Club tenders its sincer-
est thanks to all concerned: to the Board of
Inspectors and the Warden for their kind
permission and support; to Mr. Kraupa, of
the Monarch Film Agency, for his his un-
selfish and tireless labors in our behalf; to
Mr. Dipple, and to the artists for the excel-
lence of the entertainment they gave us.
We thank them all heartily and hope to
know them all better.

For a first occasion ever&thing went off
remarkably well. There was no disorder ap-
parent, although the ‘‘standing room only”
sign was early displayed. It is to be regret-
ted that certain persons should have seen fit
to disregard repeated warnings given about
spitting upon the floor. These persons may
think themselves safe from discovery, but
the officers of the Club are resolved that the
few rules that have been made must be
obeyed, and those continuing in such prac-
tises will not only lose their privileges but
will cause all the members from that partic-
ular block or gallery to do the same. Please
heed this warning and impress it upon oth-
ers.

The Club officials and their volunteer help-
ers have succeeded in transforming the hall
into a theater in miniature, with but few ac-
cessories lacking. Perhaps the lack of a can-
dy butcher was the most noticeable. We
hope ‘“Whitey’’ can be prevailed upon to fill
the aching void; and we feel assured that
Professor Wiegandt and his musicians are
the equals ¢f any orchestra in town.

A five-reel Western drama opened the per-

formance. It was replete with thrills from
start to finish: hard riding and good fighting,
love, laughter and tears, a villain foiled, and
a hero rewarded were in it, and to judge by
the applause, it was very much to the audi-

ence’s taste. Mr. Al Harrington and his
troupe of performing dogs did excellent
work: they seemed almost human (we mean
the dogs, of course); in fact we know some
human beings who don’t obey orders half so
well. Miss Annie Russell’s monologue was

the hit of the day, ard it kept the audience .

in a gala of laughter from the start. Mr.
Fleming sang ‘‘A Little Bit of Heaven and
They Call It Ireland’’ in such a manner, as to
make all the Irish in the audience homesick.
The Hyperion Quartette sang ‘‘The Rosary”
and ‘‘Sunshine’’ to the very great pleasure
of all. A stage-struck comedy in two reels
called “Her Marble Heart,’’ brought the per-
formance to a close. It was very funny in-
deed, and it caused many of the audience to
go home with ribs sore from laughing. The
chairman will distribute tickets for next
Saturday’s show. Please don’t forget them,
for without them there is no admission.

Next Saturday, October 21, the following
blocks and galleries go out: 1B, 8 B, 10 B,
11 B, 6 B, 12 B-1 G, 12 B-2 G. —B 8266.

B 7819-B 5602, Rep. Dels.

CHILDREN’S CHRISTMAS FUND

Previously acknowledged $19.70
Additional Contributions
® Contribution of $1.00 B 6966
Contribution of 70¢ B 6393
Contributions of 50¢ B 7742 7617 8026 4728
= Contributions of 25¢ B 6941 7789 7476 8084
7005 6919 5579 8121 7317 8069 6339 7203
Contributions of 15¢ B 7757 7636 8317
Contributions of 10¢ B 7343 6895 7230 7568
7509 7144 6864 8275 5109 6078 8329 7521 5120
8073 7163 7898 6238 8047 8224 —Total—$9.05

Grand Total—$28.75

Jesus said, ‘‘Suffer the little children to
come unto me, and forbid them not, for of
such is the kingdom of Ged.”” Mark X. 14.

Won’t you help to fill the stockings
Of the little ones at home,

That by the fire-side will be hanging,
The way you used to hang your own?

Don’t you remember how you did it,
When you were a little tot,

On the night before Christmas,

It can not be you have forgot?

So, dear comrades, let’s get busy,
And make this Xmas one of joy;
Every penny that you give us,
Will help to buy some kid a toy.
Patient mother, she will bless you,
Fallen father will do the same;
Though their hearts are deep in sorrow,
And their heads are bowed with shame.
Just think of the smiling faces,
Of the laughter and the joy;
There will be on Christmas morning,
When each kiddie gets their toy.

It is reported from Buffalo, N. Y., that an
enormous flying boat, carrying eleven passen-
gers, made a successful trial trip over Lake
Keukoa yesterday.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE—Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. ()

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, E’)rd Block. E

FOR SALE—Rings, button-hooks, spoons
and toothpicks, made of German silver. Best
workmanship. B 7241, 1st Block. (40)

- FOR SALE—Bird cages. 25c¢ to $1.00. B
5602, 7th Gallery. (40)

S e

FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies made of
Germantown wool, 4-fold $2.50 up; tidies 75¢
up. B 6343,2nd Gallery, 12th Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy inlaid wood pincush-
ions and children’s furniture. Cushions from
50c to $2.00. B 8203, 6th Block. (40)

FOR SALEFFancy bead rwcollars, for la-
dies. Prices reasonable. B 5496, 12th Block,
2nd Gallery. (40)

FOR SALE—Guitar, first-class coﬁdition;
worth $8.00, sacrifice for $4.00. B 7756, 5th
Block. (40)

FOR SALE Cornet, with case; good as
new. Price $7.00. B 5853, 1st Block.  (40)

FOR éiA.LE—Hiigh—gradeMh(;”x;elty Hand-

bags, $1.25. Always a welcome present to
ladies. B 7712, 7th Block. (40)
FOR SALE—Banjo and case, 3 sets of

strings, instruction book, and 39 brackets.
Cost $10.50; will sell for $6.50, including cer-
tificate for 53 lessons in National Academy
of Music. B 6919, 12th Block, 2nd Gallery.

FOR SALE;Ail rkiﬁds‘ of inlay wood at
5c a foot; also inlaid serving-trays. Otto,
B 7698, 7th Gallery. (40)

male and female.

~7FOR SALE—Sweet potato, with instrue-
tion sheet, 50c; worth Toc. B 8192, 6th Block.
SCROLL WORK —Plain or fancy letters.
Your name cut out of white holly wood for
25¢; 3 letters for 5¢. A novelty. Fine for
inlaid boxes, ete. B 7695, Tth Gallery. (41)
FOR SALE—A guitar in "good condition.
Price $2.50. B 7821, 1st Block. (42)

f‘Oﬁ_‘SALEng»'ééVtﬁof Winla;l;;l—"worker’s t(-)ols;
almost new. Price $5.00. B 6994, 6th Block.

FOR SALE Bead watch fobs, with swivels,
95¢ and 35c each; also bead rings and neck-
(42)

also oil paintings.

6329, 8th Block. (42)

FOR SALE —Fancy hand-painted post-cards,
5¢ and 10c each; also picture frames for Lo-
rillard enlergements and other frames. B
5099, 8th Block. (42)
FOR SALE—$3.00 Lafayette blue steel ra-
zor, never used; first 75c takes it. B 5098,
7th Block. (42)

The price of milk, flour and other commod-
ities continue to advance.
