---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_173.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, October 25, 1916

NO. 43

ASKS AID FOR THE ARMEN-
IANS FROM CITIZENS OF U. S.

President Wilson and Governor Brum-
baugh Issue Proclamations—Imme-
diate Aid Solicited

An appeal of most unusual character has
been made to the people of this country, by
the American Committes for Armenian and
Syrian Relief, in behalf of the distressed
Armenians who are in a fair way of extinction
as a race unless immediate and decisive
steps are taken to relieve these stricken peo-

e.

The tales reported from time to time, of
the frightful conditions and dreadful persecu-
tions of the Armenians and the Syrians are
-of such a shocking nature as to be almost un-
believable. So pitiful is the state of these
suffering people that President Wilson has
issued a proclamation to the people of the
United States, urging them to help the sorely
afflicted sufferers who are now facing death
by starvation and disease. The proclamation
is as follows:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, I have received from the Senate
of the United States a Resolution, passed
July 7, 1916, reading as follows:

““Resolved, That, appreciating the suffer-
ings of the Syrian people, it is suggested that
the President of the United States set aside
a day upon which a direct appeal to the sym-
pathy of all American citizens shall be made
and an opportunity shall be given for our
public-spirited people to contribute to a much-
needed fund for the relief of the Syrian peo-
ple.

‘‘And Whereas, Ifeel confident that the peo-
ple of the United States will be moved to aid
these people stricken by war, famine and dis-
ease;

‘‘Now, therefore, I, Woodrow Wilson, Presi-
dent of the United States, in compliance with
the said suggestion of the Senate, and the
said request of the Congress thereof, do ap-
point and proclaim Saturday, October 21, and
Sunday, October 22, 1916, as joint days upon
which the people of the United States may
make such contributions as they feel disposed
for the aid of the stricken Syrian and Armen-
ian peoples.

“In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and caused the seal of the United States
to be affixed.”’

Woodrow Wilson,
By The President.
ROBERT LANSING,
Secretary of State.

Governor Brumbaugh has also called upon

the citizens of this state to lend their aid in

this merciful charity and has issued the sub-
joined proclamation:

‘““Whereas, it has been brought to my at-
tention anew that more than four million peo-
ple, non-combatants, war-oppressed, living in
Armenia and Syria, are today in dire distress,
facing famine, disease and death as the winter
settles over their stricken countries, the call
of these people for relief should touch every
philanthropic and patriotic heart, and I ear-
nestly ask the people of Pennsylvania to make
such contributions as the providence of God
and their own industry has made possible, to
succor these most deserving people.’’

While the joint days selected for receiving
contributions were on October 21 and 22, 1916,
additional collections will be made throughout
the week, so that all who wish to participate
in this worthy charity may have an opportu-
nity. :
Contributions may be made in the usual man.-
ner by yellow slip through the overseer.

Robert J. McKenty,
Warden.

STATE OF WAR NOW
EXISTS IN MEXICO

It is admitted at the State Department at
Washington that a ‘‘constructive’’state of war,
in which the United States is involved, exists
in Mexico. It was contended that there was
no condition of hostilitiesbetween the Amer-
ican and Mexican Governments, but merely
that through the presence of United States
troops on Mexican territory engaged in mili-
tary operations against a certain Mexican
citizen—meaning Francisco Villaand his arm-
ed followers—war conditions prevail.

The situation is likened to that in China
during the Boxer troubles of 1900, when
troops of the United States, Great Britain,
Germany, Russia, France, Austria, Japanand
some other nations engaged in hostile opera-
tions against armed forces of Chinese which
were in revolt against the Chinese Govern-
ment. No war between these nationsand the
Chinese Government was declared, but some
years later the War Department made the
ruling that a state of war involving the Unit-
ed States had existed during the operations
of American troops against the Boxers.

The position of the State Department is in
line with an opinion rendered by Brigadier-
General Crowder, judge advocate general of
the army, that offenses, which in the United
States would be tried in civil criminal courts,
committed by American soldiers with the ex-
peditionary force in Mexico, shall be tried by
military courts, as it is a ‘‘time of war’’ in
Mexico within the meaning of the United
States military statutes.

INSIDE JINGLES

Will some one please tell us if there will be
any money left when we get out?

They say that money covers a multitude of
sins. Yes, and soup covers a multitude of
bones.

The suggestion has been made that an ice-
skating rink be erected where the stone-
pile now stands.

Could be worse.

It was stated in a local newspaper recently,
that the alfalfa crop is greatly below the
average this year.

Probably that accounts for the shortage of
Duke’s Mixture this month.

Modern economists deplore the lack of
proper education in the art of domestic
science, especially in the culinary branch.

Which reminds us of some shining lights
in our own cook-house.

The Y. M. C. A. classin mathematics re-
ceived their diplomas last week, which, how-
ever,do not entitle their recipients to a degree,
honorary or otherwise.

We would suggest conferring the Degree
of B. L. (Bachelor of Leisure) on some of
them.

It would not be a bad idea for some fellows
to bring their own sawdust along with them
to the H. F. C. entertainments, judging by
the looks of the floor at the first one.

We notice a decided improvement in the
seating arrangement at the Honor Club. Those
long benches provided a little work for some
of our carpenters; just enough to keep them
in practise, so to speak.

‘“Dutch,’’ the Canary Bird King, says that
bis birds wo’n’t sing any more. .

No wonder, after listening to him play the
‘““Wacht A= Rhine.’” Those birds are neutral
Dutch.

Paddy—‘‘An’ what is an optimist, me bye?”’

Bunker— ‘““Why, anoptimist is a feller wear-
in’ a green tie and carrying a green banner
in an Orangemen’s parade.’’

Did you receive any Valentines? Here is
one we received the other day:

‘““When you are with me, darling,

My life is full of cheer,
But since Fate us two has parted
My consolation is in—."’

I guess the dash stands for ice-cream soda.
