---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_174.jpg
---
S Caege

4

THE UMPIRE

-

e A ————————

JUDGE WEEPS AFTER PASSING
DEATH SENTENCE

A most unusual scene took place at a Chi-
cago Criminal Court the other day when
Judge Joseph B. Sabbath, after passing a
death sentence on Lloyd Bopp, twenty-three
years old, covered his face and wept unre-
servedly for several minutes.

“[ always prayed that if ever I became a
judge I should never be called upon to go
through an ordeal like this,”” he said. Coun-
sel for Bopp and others in court gave away to
tears. Bopp murdered a motorcycle police-
man four months ago.

Because of the carpenter work on the
chancel of the Chapel, on Thursday last the
Holy Communion service was omitted. At
1:30 the usual services were held. Through
the courtesy of the Warden and Chaplain
the carpenter work was suspended for one
hour and the service was conducted by the
Rev. T. J. Taylor, assisted by the Rev. Dr.
Perry, of Germantown, who preached a
clear, earnest sermon from the text, ‘“‘He is
able to save to the uttermost all who come
unto God by Him.”’

HONOR CLUB NOTES

The 1st Section of the H. F. C. was highly
pleased with Saturday’s entertainment. If
there is a man of that audience who will say
that he did not enjoy himself, his case is
hopeless: his address should be Laurel, not
Cherry Hill.

We had thought it impossible to improve
upon the previous Saturday’s program, but
it was done, and still better things are prom-
ised for the future. There was no disorder,
every one being on their best behavior, and
the rule against spitting was kept to the let-
ter. We hope the 2nd Section will follow the
good example. The president of the Club
announces that unless those members from
the 7th Block who broke this rule come for-
ward and apologize to the Club for their
misconduct, they,-as well as their fellow-
members from this block, will not be permit-
ted to attend. So, boys, it is up to you to do
the manly thing. There were a number of
visitors present—Mr. Dipple, Mrs. Kraupa,
Miss Russell, among others. The Warden
was present, and he expressed himself as
highly pleased with both performance and
conduct of the audience.

The first number of the program was a
five-reel photo drama, ‘‘Reggie Mixes In,’’
with Douglas Fairbanks in the role of a
young society man who turns ‘‘bouncer’’ in a
slum saloon, and incidentally wins a bride.
It was a great picture. Kerfer & Albert, in
a singing and talking act, sweetened with a
few dance steps, were very much to the au-
dience’s liking. The duets, ‘‘Come Back to
Erin’’ and “I Told You to Do It, but You
Didn’t,”” were especially good. Hooper &
Burkholder, a singing and dancing team,

P IS > S, e

were favorites from the start. Mr. Hooper
announced his intention of singing ‘“The Flat-
ter the Plate, the Fewer the Soup,’’ but hap-
pily for the feelings of his audience, changed
to ““The Hero of the European War.’”’ Miss
Burkholder sang ‘‘There’s a Little Bit of Bad
in Every Good Little Girl,”” to the delight of
all. In responding to an encore they sang
“Marry Me, or I’ll Marry You,”’ and Miss
Burkholder was moved to make a neat little
curtain speech in which she was kind enough
to say that she had never appeared before a
more appreciative audience, and expressed
her great pleasure in being given the oppor-
tunity to appear before us. We heartily re-
turn the compliment.

The performance closed with a Triangle-
Keystone farce, ‘‘Bath-Tub Perils.”” It was
a laugh from start to finish, and it sent ev-
erybody home in the best of good humor. It
was indeed a red-letter day. '

Next Saturday, October 28th, the following
blocks and galleries go out: 3rd B, 4th B, 5th
B, 5th G, 7th B, 7th G, and 9th B.—B 8266.
B 7819-B 5602, Rep. Dels.

CHILDREN’S CHRISTMAS FUND

Previosly acknowledged. $28.75
Additional Contributions

Contributions of $1.00 B 7698 B 5322.

Contributions of 50¢ B 4876 1381 7355 7388,

Contributions of 25¢ B 7697 7945 8208 5988
6382 7901 6150 8334 6083 7855 8160 7923 8217
7401 8031 7712 5419 7847 8111 7846 T732 7685
7359 7276 6882 6727 6681 6338 5810 8163.

Contributions of 15¢ B 6454 6542 7861 8303
8202.

Contributions of 10¢ B 3623 7608 7496 5310
7759 7852 7216 6964 7637 7611 7684 7839 8186
7597 7903 7816 7382 6523 7879 6557 8346 8149
7655 8046 7782 8255 5867 6145 8022 8198 6377
8058 6789.

Contributions of 05¢ 7429 5366 7168 7119.

Total—$16.05. Grand Total—$44.80.

Do you like to read? Yes! Well, join our
Circulating Library Club. We have all of
the popular magazines at two cents a day.

If interested, tell your delegate to send
B 7201, the librarian, to see you. —B 7341.

SUN RIVALLED BY NEW LIGHT

It is reported from New York that with a
brilliancy twenty-two times greater than that of
the world’s most powerful lighthouse, at Sandy
Hook, a searchlight is mounted on the roof of
the Grand Central Palace to focus attention
on the Electrical Exposition being held in the
palace.

The new searchlight is the invention of El-
mer A. Sperry. It is called a high-intensity
searchlight and throws its brilliant beam of
light a distauce of fifty miles. In conjunction
with officers of the Navy Department, Mr.
Speiry is endeavoring to flash signals to the
navy yard in Philadelphia.

So powerful are the rays of the new light
that its brilliance equals that of the sun at 8

o'clock in the morning or at 4 in the afternoon
at this season of the vear. ;

THE UMPIRE <“AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come ' through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢c to

$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (**)
TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. Ry

FOR SALE—Rings, button-hooks, spoons
and toothpicks, made of German silver. Best
workmanship. B 7241, 1st Block. (40)

FOR SALE—Bird cages.
5602, 7th Gallery.

FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies made of
Germantown wool, 4-fold $2.50 up; tidies 75¢
up. B 6343,2nd Gallery, 12th Block.

FOR SALE—Fancy inlaid wood pincush-
ions and children’s furniture. Cushions from
50c to $2.00. B 8203, 6th Block. (40)

FOR SALE—Féﬁcy bead collars, for la-
dies. Prices reasonable. B 5496, 12th Block,
2nd Gallery. (40)

FOR SALE—Guitar, first-class coildition;
worth $8.00, sacrifice for $4.00. B 7756, 9th
Block. (40)

FOR SALE—High-grade '.'novelty_- hand-

25¢ to $1.00. B
(40)

bags, $1.25. Always a welcome present to -

ladies. B 7712, 7th Block. - (40)

FOR SALE—Banjo and case, 3 sets of
strings, instruction book, and 39 brackets.
Cost $10.50; will sell for $6.50, including cer-
tificate for 53 lessons in National Academy
of Music. B 6919, 12th Block, 2nd Gallery.

FbR SALE—All kinds of inlay wood at
5¢c a Toot; also inlaid serving-trays. Otto,
B 7698, 7th Gallery. (40)

FOR SALE——Singing birds; young and old,
male and female. B 7507, 9th Block. (40)

SCROLL WORK—Plain or fancy letters.
Your name cut out of white holly wood for
25¢; 3 letters for 5c. A novelty. Fine for
inlaid boxes, ete. B 7695, 7th Gallery. (41)

FOR SALE—A guitar in good condition.
Price $2.50. B 7821, 1st Block. (42)

FOR SALE A set of inlaid worker’s toolsu;
almost new. Price $5.00. B 6994, 6th Block.

FORSALE—Bea(iwatch fobs, with swivels,
25c and 35c each; also bead rings and neck-
laces. B 7664, 8th Block. (42)
FOR SALE—Fancy hand-painted tra;;é:ph;).-
to enlargements in crayon, water color or oil;

also oil paintings. Prices reasonable. B
6329, 8th Block. (42)

5c and 10c each; also picture frames for Lo-
rillard enlargements and other frames. B
5099, 8th Block. (42)

zor, never used; first 75c takes it. B 5098,
7th Block. (42)

FOR SALE—Plain or fancy paper boxes
made to order, in large or small quantities.
Quallty and workmanship excellent. B 1000,
Cr. UMPIRE.

FOR SALE—Well-made inlaid boxes; giso
guitar and mandolin. B 6523, 7th Bleck,.

