---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_175.jpg
---
—v_ﬁﬁm
INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS :

Edward Benson, a Wooster, O., farmer,
bought a heavy chest at an auction of un-
claimed goods from the express company for
thirty cents. It contained a set of burglar’s
tools, several suits of clothes and $27.00 in
cash.

8

James V. Nash, who graduated from the
University of Chicago in 1915, after working
his way through college, instead of waiting
until wealthy to remember his alma mater,
has given the university the first’ $1000 he
saved.

S

Standard brands of Minneapolis flour advanec-
ed in Chicago to $9.30 a barrel. This is the
highest price in more than forty years.
Damage to the wheat crop in Argentina by
drought is held to be largely responsible for
the advance.

S
Fifty-eight hundred miles—across the Pa-
cific—were covered by a wireless message,
- sent direct from the Marconi wireless station
‘in San Francisco to the Japanese Government
wireless plant at Ochi Ishi, Japan. .
The ‘‘conversation’” was a test preliminary
to the inauguration of a commercial service
between the two points.

S

It was John B. Stewart’s misfortune to
burn up his new home-to-be in Passaic, N. J.,
the other day, just a few hours before Miss
Madeline Embler became his wife. The couple
visited the house to start a fire in the range.
A defective flue soon set the house in flames.
Some of the new furniture was saved and the
wedding was not delayed.

‘“Nitro-intoxication’’ is suggested by phy-
sicians as the trouble with James Rice, and
Harry Johnson, of this city. Both were em-
ployed as makers of high explosives at the Du
Pont plant at Carney’s Point. They have
been acting strangely for several daysand
were sent to the Philadelphia hospital for ob-
servation. They told a rambling tale of in-
haling gases that drove them ‘‘insane.’’

Miss Margaret B. Owen, operating an
Underwood typewriter, won

contest at the Thirteenth Annual Business
Show in the Sixty-ninth Regiment Armory,
" New York City. . The contest, in Which all
the standard typewriters were represénted,
lasted for an hour. Miss Owen wrote an
average of 137 words a minute, breaking her
former record, establishéd last year, of 136
words a minute for an hour. The prize was a
$1000 silver cup about three feet high.

~ The international amateur championship
was won by Miss Hortense S. Stollnitz, using
a self-starting Remington and making a
record of 137 words a minute for the half
hour.

the world’s -
championship again in the typewriting speed

THE UMPIRE

(Continued from page 2)

quality of conscientious confidence; it tends
todisarm an ex-convict of self-reliance, self-
restraint and fearlessness; it prejudices him in-
to entertaining doubts and apprehensions re-
garding the en tirely unselfish motives of those
who delight in its practise, and their question-
able desire for his permanent welfare.

How much wiser, more effective, and
resultant of prosperous consequences it would
be if, instead of demanding that a paroled or
released convict acquires any kind of em-
ployment within a specified number of hours,
a few days were permitted, during which he
would surely establish himself in an indus-
trial enviroment at once pleasant and remu-
nerative—according to temperament. What
matters it if, pursuance of a policy of sapient
judgment and with appreciation of the gen-
eral fitness and adaptability of things, an of-
fender takes six nours or seven days in which
to secure adequate employment so long as he
attains this objective within reasonable length
of time?

(Continued in our next issue. )

ON THINKING GLAD

Never mind a change of scene—
Try a change of thinking.
What if things seem sordid, mean,
What’s the use of blinking? -
Life’s not always storm and cloud,
Somewhere the stars are shining.
Try to think your joy out loud,
- Silence all repining.
By degrees, by thinking light,
Thinking glad and sweetly,
You’ll escape the stress of night,
Worry gone completely.
Get the habit, looking for
Sunbeams pirouetting.
Tapping gayly at your door—
Surest cure for fretting.
‘Needn’'t fool yourself at all,
~ For there’s no'denying
E’en above a prison wall
Song znd birds are a-flying, - *
Wherefore hearken to the song.
Never mind the prison, =
And you’ll find your soul ere long
Unto freedom risen.
= —John Kendrick Bangs

" SAGE LEAVES

If you could only impress some fellows of
the necessity of making a good start,. there
would be no need of catching up.

£ * -
S ]

A petty official of a prison society advo-
cates the abolition of tobacco among pris-
oners. Strange how narrow some men do
become. A little alum, please.

How nice it would be if our friends in the
outer world would only keep their promises

We know of several nien who have become
melancholy through broken promises.

e 2 — The Ranger.

3

BORROWED MIRTH

“Now they say they can weigh the con-
science.”’

““By the ounce?’’

“I imagine by the scruple.”’

S

The Old Man— ‘‘Did you ever work in your
life?”’

The Beggar— ““‘Once.’’

The Old Man—““When was that?”’

The Beggar— ‘“When I was in jail.”’

S

Patient— ‘‘But, Doctor, you are not asking
$5.00 for merely taking a cinder out of my
eye?’’ _

Specialist—‘‘Er—no. My charge is for re-
moving a foreign substance from the cornea.’’

S
Lecturer — ““The idea of eternity, my
friends, is something too vast for the human
mind to conceive.’’ ; :
Voice From Audience—*‘Did - you ever pay
for a $700 piano on the instalment plan?’’

S

““Is your husband fond of golf?’’ ‘‘Fond of
it? He had the nerve to tell me the other
night that I could consider myself lucky that
he had married me before he was introduced
to the game.”’

; % S :

“When I was a boy of your age I used to
have to wear my father’s trousers cut down
to fit me.”’

“I know, Pa, and if you were the boy that
I think you were I'll bet you vowed many a
time that if you ever had a son he’d never
be made to wear such clothes.”’

S

“lI wonder why they call them stag par-
ties?’’ remarked the man who had just re-
ceived an invitation to attend one.’

.. {It’s probably an allusion to that well-

known quotation, ‘The stag at eve has drunk

his fill,” >’ replied his wife meaningly.
A little girl who had been instructed not to
talk in church because it was very rude was
very thoughtful after the service, and when
questioned, she said in a horrified voice:

““Oh, Mamma, I think it was just awful
for our minister to show off so rudely in
church—he talked all the time.”’

&>

They had just been introduced to each
other at the reception given by Mrs. Gold-
stones.

Presently the younger girl, glancing at a
mar who had recently entered, remarked:

“I can’t think what’s the matter with that
tall, dark man over there. Just before you
came he was staring hard at me, and looked
as though he wanted to be introduced. Now
he’s turned his back on me. I wonder why?”’

‘‘Perhaps,’” said the other, ““it’s because
he saw me come in. I’'m his wife!”’
