---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_176.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eadstern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday. -

Devoted.to the interest and entertainmentof its reéaders:

Mss,—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be -addressed

The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,

- who will see to their delivery.
To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’'s number.
The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 741 3 Edltor

Phlladelphla October 25, 1916

1382. Females
Last serial number B 8399.

PrisoN PoruLATION—Males
21. Total 1403.

THE BATTLE IN YOUR HEAD

The subjoined article is taken from New
Ideas, and will undoubtedly commend itself
to our readers:

“Did you ever know that you are waging a
battle in your head? There are two forces
inside your head in hostile line of battle. One
force is for you and one against you. One
side is in favor of you living a lazy life and
the other is strenuously struggling to urge
you on to a useful life. One is always driving
you ahead to do things, and the other is al-
ways holding you back. One is ever inspiring
you with good thoughts, and the other is just
as actively puttlng evil’ thoughts in your mind.

“One force is for your uplift, and the other
is striving to drag you down. One force calls
to you to do your own thinking, and the other
tells you it is easier to let some one else do
your thinking for you. One stimulates you
forward toward success and the other reck-
lessly advises you to drift toward failure.

‘““Every minute the contest goes on-this

battle of thoughts. Every decision you make
proclaims a victory for one side or the other.
If you do a good day’s work it strengthens
the army of the good thoughts. If you do a
slipshod task the army of the good thoughts
falls back discouraged. Every good book you
read throws into your mind reinforcements for
the good side and bad reading weakens the
resistance of those who wish'you well.
- ““Phese two sets of thoughts are the two
sides’ of your character.
of your friends—the other of your enemies.
One would save you, the other destroy you.
One is in favor of thrift; the other advocates
waste. © One stern]y bldS you ‘be honest; the
other cunningly pomts out methods by which
you can deceive.

““It is the duty of your days and nights to
help the uplift thought% win. You can only
do this by thmklng by every day, every
hour, every minute, Welcomlng an invasion
of uplift ideas. You must obtain an”over-
powering supply from somewhere, of strong
and fine thoughts, so that'evil thoughts may
he conquered decisively in every battle.

One set is composed -

‘““When you have learned where to find your
thoughts—or to get the truth on all your
problems, which is the basis of all good
thoughts—you will then begin to uplift your-
self in the world. And you can find truth,
and helpfulness, and hopefulness everywhere.
You must find them, for you must dominate
your own life and you must not be the slave
of your worst self, then from the victory of
your better self can only come that happiness
which is the chief object of your being alive!’’

IN BEHALF OF THE FIRST OFFENDER

(Continued from our last issue.)

Of the two species of the kind designated,
we select, first: the purely manual wage-
earner—generally referred to as a common
laborer—whose understanding is blissfully
ignorant of the monotony of office routine
and whose intellect was neyer aroused to a
greater effort than to instinctively guide his
limbs in the performance of manual labor.
The second, and perhaps most commiserable
illustration, is that of ahealthy, normal crea-
ture, possessed of average intelligence, sound
sense, good training, indisputable pretentions
to respectability—and a dependent family.
The former is forced into the position
of contriving as best he may—to keep body
and soul together—in such a manner as will
demonstrate his eligibility and worthiness to
be out on parole; and what may best be done
to accomplish this, during the hour of his re-
lease and” the moment he receives his first
wage, consistently with the revision of his
behavior, may be surmised by an inquisitorial
imagination. The latter has to obliterate his
identity—recreate hi's personality, so to
speak—overcome the inhospitality of an un-
interested hostile society; win the confidence
of some one in a position to give him" satis-
factory employment, and again- establish
himself amongst his fellow-men at the stand-
ard the requirements call” for. During- the
achievement of these barely insurmountable
difficulties, he is' confronted with' the ad-
ditional proposition of supportlng h1s famlly,
and-doing so honestly.

Such isthe predicament a first offender
has to overconie during the first days of his
return to the maelstrom of social and indus-
trial strife, from which he was suddenly os-
tracised and condemned ‘to: penal servitude.
It requires rio prodigal effort of the imagina-
tion to realize, during such a period, how

‘desperate must be the  effort to maintain
_ the  honest* equilibrium;

| ] “how ' temptations,
assailing him in his weakest moments, must
be fought blindly, without:quarter—and con-

‘quered-at the risk of any personal sacrifice—

how‘the misfortune of the slightest false step
recommits him' to the penal servitude- from
which hé'was so'recently hberated

Oneé -can' readily understand the almost
superhumsn ~ ‘patience, and indifference to
contempt’ and’ discouragement itrequires to
successfully run the gauntlet of such circum-
stantial " opposition.. Patient’ to" “7ith3taﬁd

unresentfully the repeated refusals to granta -

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

second honest trial; purpose to hold stead-
fastly to an unswerving determination to main-
tain the redemption, endurance to the con-
tempt of acquaintances in order that the
goal may not appear unattainable; persever-
ance to overcome the various obstacles that
shall be encountered at every step in the
reconstruction of a character and fortune.

The ever present difficulty to the re-
trieval of a dishonored character or shattered
respectability is the uncompromising attitude
of a society whose ostracism—the delu-
sion of a baseless medieval tradition as per-
nicious in its application as it is socially hom-
icidal in its consequences—condemns a but-
once-fallen fellow-creature to perpetual so-

.cial oblivion, and industrial extinction. Could

such a scandalous condition issue from any-
thing but a system of mal-adjusted indus-
trial and social repartion?

With questionable judgment society arro-

‘gates toitself the custodianship of the reform-

ed coffender’s morals and peremptorily de-
livers itself of the fallacious heresy: ‘‘once a
criminal always a criminal.”” Could the ac-
tuality of such a conception ever materialize,
imagine the spectacle of this world peopled
by eriminals—without exception—would inflict
upon nature. For there has never been; or
will there ever be, one born of woman, but
at some period of his existence has been
criminal, even intentionally—and if the in-
tent or wish is- encouraged,: the ecrime is
potenially committed. -

Another adverse element - of the difficult
problem should be seriously considered, being
one of those inconsequential usages—a gen-
erally exercised misconception ‘ indiscrimi-
nately applied to prisoners on the whole—
which hinders greatly his efforts to re-estab-
lish his industrial status. This is the mis-

chievous habit of hounding him into- any

kind of temporary employment, to which he

‘may be ill-suited—a misfit accompanied by

unsatisfactory results to all concerned.

The injustice of hounding into . office
any man whose talent, ability or inclination
and temperament points in an unquestionably -
opposite direction is universally admitted as
undesirable and injurious. - This is specifically
true in the prisoner’s case. Hounding, whether
by well meaning friends, disgruntled relatives
or from other sources, should be abandoned
as a neghglble factor. It  destroys  the
(Continued on page 3.)
