---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_177.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

!

VOL. V

Philadelphia, November 1, 1916

NO. 45

NEW U. S. NAVY LOOMS AS
BIDS FOR WARSHIPS SHOW

Work to be Started by Feb. 1, 1917—
4 Superdreadnoughts and 4 Scout

Cruisers Head the List

A recent dispatch from Washington an-
nounces that bids for the first fifty-eight
ships to be laid down in 1917 as part of the
greater navy building program are being
opened at the navy department. Congress
has authorized the beginning of 66 ships in
1917 as the first instalment of the 156 au-
thorized for the navy increases. Vessels for
which estimates of private bidders were ex-
amined today include four battleships, four
scout cruisers, twenty destroyers and thirty
coast submarines. Early in December bids
will be opened for four battle cruisers and at
a later date figures will be received on one
ammunition ship.

Under the terms of the naval bill all the
1917 ships must be contracted for or work on
their construction in Government yards begun
before February 1. Construction of a hos-
pital ship, fuel ship and a gunboat has al-
ready been started at the navy yards at Phil-
adelphia, Boston and Charleston, respectively.
The four battleships will be the first of the
American navy to carry 16-inch rifles in their
main batteries. Kach will be equipped with
eight of these big guns—the heaviest known
to have been placed aboard warcraft, although
it is currently reported that Great Britain is
preparing to arm an experimental ship with
18-inch rifles.

They will be similar in appearance and de-
sign to the superdreadnoughts Tennessee and
California, but will be 600 tons heavier in
displacement, totaling 32,600 tons. The ships
are expected to have a cruising radius of
nearly 7000 sea miles without refueling. They
will have the steam electric drive and make
at least 21 knots.

In addition to the 16-inch rifles, the new
ships will carry eighteen five-inch torpedo de-
fense guns, four of the new high range three-
inch anti-aircraft guns and the usual equip-
ment of torpedo tubes. Their main batteries
will be mounted two guns to a turret, depart-

‘ing from the three-gun turret construction on
the Pennsylvania and later ships.

The scout cruisers will be the first scouts,
designed for that work alone, to be added to
the navy. The old light cruisers Salem,
Chester and Birmingham, known as scout
cruisers, have not the speed necessary for a
modern sea picket. The scouts will make a
sustained speed of 35 knots an hour: They
will look like big destroyers and be nearly six
times as large as the greatest torpedo craft.

SACRED SONG SERVICE
BY THE E. S. P. CHOIR

An excellent program of sacred music and
song was rendered at this institution on Sun-
day afternoon last by the E. S. P. choir and
orchestra, under the able direction of Profes-
sor A. F. Wiegandt. The distinctive features
were the solos by B 7962, B 7737, B 8158,
each showing commendable ability in their
rendition.

Commenting on man’s duty to God, Chap-
lain Joseph Welch urged the assembled in-
mates to give more serious thought to the
future, with the idea to upbuild for a new
and better life.

The program is printed entire below.

PROGRAM
1. Coronation March Meyerbeer
2. Hymn No. 94 (R. B.) Wm. L. Gilpin

(a) —My Light and My Salvation
(b) —The Blood of Jesus Ransomed Me,
(H6EREB.)
3. Hymn No. 89 (R. B.) D. B. Towner
(a) —Jesus Is Living Again
(b) —Choose Now, (125 R. B.)

4. Fond Hearts Must Part Lange
5. Hymn No. 62 (B. S.) Chas. H. Gabriel
(a) —Jesus Is The Friend You Need
(b)—Memories of Galilee (77 B. S.)

6. Hymn No. 78 (B. S. E. 0. Excell

(a) —His Love Can Never Fail
(b) —The Lord Is King, (178 B. S.)
7. Intermezzo Cavalleria Rusticana
A. F. WIEGANDT, Conductor

MILE LONG TRAIN OF GOLD
IN U. S. TREASURY

A Washington corespondent avers that
Uncle Sam’s pocketbook never before contain-
ed somuch as at the present moment. Two bill-
ions of dollars of gold reserve is the record
reached by the United States Treasury on
Monday, according to a statement issued by
the officials yesterday. This far exceeds any
amount ever previously corralledin any treas-
ury of any nation at any time.

Experts show that the present gold reserve
would weigh 3,668.2 tons, on the basis of a
weight 3.68 pounds for each $1000. This
would load 138 cars with the weight of $15,000, -
000 in gold to the car or about 55,000 pounds
to the car. The total number of cars, allow-
ing forty feet to each car, would be consider-
ably over a mile in length.

Latereports from New York indicate that
Hughes sentiment is again running strong
among the sporting men, with odds of 10 to 7
for his election. :

INSIDE JINGLES
Unnoticed and unsung. The second Block.
A powerful searchligzt has been installed

on the tower.
Must be afraid of the Zeppelins.

““Guilty butnot in Jail’’ is the title of a six-
reel feature film exhibited by the Money
Men’s Film Company.

A large shipment of blue yarn- arrived last
week.

Perhaps one can now secure a pair of pants
before the year 1917.

Whatsamatter, can’t a man practise his
’cordeon without gettin’ called all kinds of
names?

Nay, nay, Pauline. It seems not.

Scenes of feverish activity abound on the
various blocks, especially on the Sixth.

You see, Gus is afraid the supply of kalso-
mine might be cut off.

It is said that brokers on the outside arere-
ceiving high rates of exchange. That may be
true, but our inside dealers have ’em beaten
to a frazzle. Did any one say 609%?

Lost, strayed or borrowed—one large size
corn-fed sugar-cured ham.

Funny how ham has a propensity for di-
minishing; it has even been known to vanish
into thin air when left unguarded.

The pennant winners of the E. S. P. Ball
League are still waiting for those watch
fobs. .

“‘Buck’” says that he might take a half
pound for his right now. :

The motto of our concrete mixersshould be
“We eat to live.”” The fact is that being
exceptionally hungry last Friday they con-
sumed so much maecaroni and fish as to leave
them incapacitated for any strenuous labor
in the afternoon.

We would advocate a lighter diet for them,
viz., porterhouse steak, French fried potatoes
and onions, ete., but probably some of them
would not eat meat on Friday.

The price of shoes has advanced 116% in
the last five years, of clothing 50%, of food
nearly 100%. It’s about time for us to revert
back to the Garden of Eden days, when we
could pluck both our food and clothing from
the trees.

But maybe if we do, they would have us
up on a charge of using the males to defraud.
