---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_178.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

—__——__—_'—_—_——_——.—_h———‘—_?———————_—_—_

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State P:enitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned. i

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all ar:ticles must be signed with the
writer’'s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, November 1, 1916

1382. Females
Last serial number B 8408.

PrisoN PoruLATION—Males
19. Total 1404.

THE LAW THAT FAILED

According to a recent article in the Square
Deal, of Lansing, Kansas, the new parole law
in that state has not proved to be the benefi-
cial measure that was expected when the law
became operative. Instead of reducing the
average term of the sentenced men, it has
operated to double the length of their incar-
ceration.

To quote the writer, ‘““The parole law is
right in principle.”” But, etc. * * * * * *x %

Continuing we read:

Judge C. W. Smith, parole clerk to Govern-
or Capper, after a thorough investigation has
reached the conclusion that the Kansas parole
law which was passed with the express inten-
tion of shortening the length of imprisonment
of deserving inmates has increased the length
of incarceration rather than decreased it. As
Judge Smith says: ‘It seems rough on the
prisoners that it has resulted in longer instead
of shorter terms when its advent was hailed
as a humanitarian movement, ’’

Under the old definite sentence law the
average length of imprisonment in Kansas
was less than two years. - The parole law
was passed in 1904 and in 1909 the average
length of a man’s incarceration had increased
to three years and six months, while in 1916
it amounts to slightly over four years.

Prior to the passage of the parole law the
Judge assessed punishment to fit the proven
facts. Sometimes the punishment was exces-
sive and in order to alleviate that condition
the parole law was passed. Now, under the
state parole law, the minimum and maximum
sentence for a given crime are fixed by stat-
ute. At the expiration of the minimum sen-
tence a prisoner who has maintained a clear
record is eligible for parole. But in order to
secure a parole he must have the recommen-
dation of the Parole Board and the Powers
that be, and that is not always forthcoming.
So it happens in the face of the so-called hu-
manitarian attitude that many men serve the
maximum sentence fixed by law, who should
have had the benefit of the perole privilege.

The only logical and sane indeterminate

sentence 1s the so-called indefinite one. Sen-
tence a man to prison, until in the opinion of
those who come in daily contact with him, he
is fit for freedom. When he is fit, release him
speedily. Long sentences are only deterrent,
when suspended and continued imprisonment
af*er a man has shown an inclination to go
straight can only dull his sensibilities and
weaken him mentally and morally.

IN BEHALF OF THE FIRST OFFENDER

(Continued from our last issue.)

Society owes to Christianity, to the eco-
nomic welfare and progress of civilization,
and to the improvement of the spiritual de-
velopment of future generations, to create
and sustain such conditions as shall make
possible the reclamation of its erring breth-
ren a noble undertaking, and an accomplish-
ment of God-inspired philanthropy. In this
respect it can not afford to, ignore or despise
itsobligations. It would be perpetuating a
species of social homicide that future genera-
tions will not hold it guiltless of.

The successful reformation of every first
offender adds to the triumph of political
economy; assures safety to progressive gov-
ernment; intimidates the specter of perpet-
ual crime; insures from criminal intent the
destruction of personal property; and pledges
universal benefit.

Neither is this desideratum of humane en-
deavor so difficult of attainment. Primarily,
the achievement rests with the recent offend-
er himself. It is safe to conclude that
the percentage of all released first offenders,
re-entering society with the avowed intention
of recuperating a bankrupt respectability and
prestige, has developed into dimentions ex-
traordinarily gratifying.

Moreover, it is reasonable to conclude,
that they would all succeed if not deliberately
injected into a demoralized environment by
the
should be nothing if not mediums of benevo-
lent assistance. If such an unfortunate can
not be materially assisted, he should not be
discouraged. If you can not help him,
rather than discourage and tempt him,
leave him to those good intentions with-
in him which will evolve for his improvement,
A word of encouragement, a smile of approval,
an assurance of comprehensive sympathy, will
go farther towards strengthening the re-
awakened instincts of his endeavors than all
the stern, reproachful admonitions. Help
him during this period when he most requires
help.

The author has heard that a few ably
managed corporations have expressed their
willingness togive employment to
paroled and released prisoners—both first of-
fenders, chronic misdemeanants, and con-
tirmed criminals. This benevolent concession
he interprets as an incentestible sign of the
gradual awakening of industrial society to
the realization of its obligations and the ulti-
mate benefit ‘to itself as the indispensable
branch of representative government. But

persecution of their fellow-men, who

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

this awakening is disconcertingly slow—suffi-
ciently slow to warrant this article being sub-
mitted for consideration. The writer is also
aware of the practical benefits being derived
from the work of the Prison Commission, but
such efforts are not likely to produce effective
desirable results if society at large does not
co-operate wholeheartedly.

In order to attainthis, society must make
each first offender realize that his individual
integrity, honesty, and moral contributions
are necessary to the success of beneficent
social ethiecs. It must devise means to
imbue him with the knowledge that upon
his complete reformation largely depends
the success of our civic compatibility. Let him
feel his share of public responsibility to an
appreciable extent; make him perceive that
the State—the country—for its benefit, re-
quires something more energetic than medio-
cre citizenship; convince him of his ability to
contribute independently towards the welfare
of his race, and that his future actions should
continue to foster a judicious administration

of social compassion and public forbearance.
* & 3k k * 3k * £ 3, * k ¥

—St. Elmo Wolsey-Wolseley in the Prison
Observer.

A PERFECT MAN

““There is a man who never drinks
Nor smokes, nor chews, nor swears;
Who never gambles, never flirts,
And shuns all sinful snares—
He’s paralyzed!
‘“There is a man who never does
A thing that is not right;
His wife can tell just where he is
At morning, noon and night—
He’s dead!”’

It does not matter how many tumbles you
have in this life, so long as you do not get
dirty when you tumble. There is the greatest
practical benefit in making a few failures in
life. You learn that which is of inestimable
importance—that there are a great many
people in the world who are as clever as you
are * * * and you very soon find out if you
have not found it out before, that patience
and tenacity of purpose are worth more than
twice their weight in cleverness. 5

The biggest coward in all the world is the
fellow who is afraid to do right.
