---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_179.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

Mrs. Lloyd Warfield, of Spencertown, N.
Y., about to be sent to an insane asylum,
had all her teeth extracted. Several had ul-
cers at the roots and the woman’s faculties
immediately returned.

S

Using noise-proof dice made of white soap,
burnt match heads supplying the spots,
prisoners in the county jail at Reading ran a
regulation crap game. They were discovered
by the guards. All the soap in the cells was
confiscated.

&

Potatoes have replaced munitions of war
as sources of prosperity, in the estimation
of Chauncey H. Young, a Riverhead, L. I.,
farmer. Young isn’t even interested in ‘‘war
baby’’ stocks for he’s too busy marketing a
potato crop of 16,000 bushels. Last week he
sold more than $1000 worth of ‘‘spuds’’ each
day.

S

While Carl Williamson, a chauffeur, was
awaiting his case to be called in Mulberry
street court, New York, he fell asleep. A
neighbor picked his pocket of $40. He was
fired $30 for overspeeding and on leaving
court found some one had stolen his employer’s
seven-passenger car. A detective located the
car, but his $70 is gone.

S

The first armored car ever built for the
United States army was tested at the Sandy
Hook Proving Grounds. The car mounts one
three-inch field gun and twenty machine
guns. It was built by the Standard Steel Car
Company, of Hammond, Ind., and was de-
livered in twenty-seven days after the order
was placed. The car is intended for patrol
work. :

S

Three stowaways on the French freighter
Virgnie whien arrived in New York, sneezed
and wept unseen during the first four days of
their trip from Bordeaux. There was a rea-
son. Theyhad hidden themselves in a small
section of the hold which had garlic on one
side and cheese on the other, with dried
peppers dowa below. The bo’sun found and
released them.

S

A piece of one and a quarter inch gas pipe,
capped on both ends, about five inches in
length, was used asa bank by Chicago work-
ingmen. The iron pipe went through a fire
and its contents burned to a char. The owner
forwarded it tc che Redemption Division of
the Treasury Department, He asked $210
reimbursement. The experts found the value
correct. There were nine $20 bills, two §$10
bills and two $5 bills. The money has been
refused.

TO THY FULL STATURE THOU
SHALT GROW
By thine own soul’s law learn to live,
And if men thwart thee take no heed,
And if men hate thee have no care;
Sing thou thy song and do thy deed,
Hope thou thy hope and pray thy prayer,
And claim no crown they will not give,
Nor bays they grudge thee for thy hair.
Keep thou thy soul-worn steadfast oath,
And to thy heart be true thy heart;
What thy soul teaches learn to know,
And play out thine appointed part,
And thou shalt reap as thou shalt sow;
Nor helped nor hindered in the growth,
To thy full stature thou shalt grow.

Fix on the future’s goal thy face,
And let thy feet be lured to stray
Now hither, but be swift to run,
And nowhere tarry by the way,
Until at last the end is run,
And thou mayst look back from thy place,
And see thy long day’s journey done.
‘ — Beatty.

THE GAME

When the game seems lost and you want
to quit, and you’re hanging on by your nerve
and grit, and you can’t see an earthly chance
to win, and you’re weary and jaded and near
‘“‘all in,”” don’t ever quit as you want to do,
but keep your heart till the game is through,
till the last hard minute is past and gone—
fight on! i

The chaps who win are the boys with
pluck who never will quit till the gong is
struck, and many and many a game they
play is'won at the end of a losing day—won
by sticking the struggle out, won by going
the whole long rout, while they—though
weary in brain and brawn—fight on!

So, though you're staggering, weak and
blind, battered in body and dazed in mind,
you can’t be sure that the weather man has
not dealt out the worst he can, is just as tir-
ed and jaded, too, and fully as ready to quit
as you—ready to turn and smile and fawn—
fight on!

You never know when a panic’s spent—
when the hard time’s Jinx’s spirit is bent, it
is fast approaching its final end, and it is
bending, be sure of that—soon to break or
go to the mat. So brace and rally—you’ll
soon see dawn—fight on!

— Bill Board.

‘“There are many who are esteemed by the
world and accounted among its elect who, by
process of suppression, have learned to con-
form strictly to the conventions of life, and
do not fail in any test of conduct. But is
conduct all? Is it not the least? Are not
thoughts things? What was meant when it
was said, ‘““As a man thinketh in his heart so
is he’’? If in our hearts we plan evil of our
brother and yet repress the physical, are we
guiltless? Surely not.”’

Love never knows what it gives nor its cost,

BORROWED MIRTH

‘“Half the office force are in love with my
pretty stenographer.”” ‘‘Does it interfere
with their work?’’ ¢‘Oh, no. They’re all
speeding up, trying to win promotion.”’ '

5

Parson— ‘“Do you, Liza, take Rastus for
bettah or for wuss?”’
. Bride—‘“Well, if Ah got to tell the truth,
pahson, Ah’m takin’ him ’cause he’s de fust
man what ever axed me.’’

S

“‘Let’s play house,’” suggested five-year-old
Alice to her twin brother, Ned. ‘‘All right,”’
he agreed, ‘‘you get the broom and be the
mother, and I’'ll get the newspaper and be
the father.’’

S

He— “‘One thing is sure. I don’t intend to
be criticised and censured because I have
failed to realize your expectations.”” She—
““You misunderstood me completely. All that
I have done is to express my conviction that
you have more than justified my fears.’’

S

Mother—*‘‘No, Betty darling, I can’t but-
ton your boots for you. Now you have a lit-
tle sister you must learn to do things for
yourself.”” Betty—‘‘Shall I always have to
do fings for myself?’” Mother— ‘“‘Yes, dar-
ling.”” Betty—‘“Then I don’t fink I shall like
life.”’

S

Landlady— ‘“That new boarder is either a
married man or a widower.”’ Pretty Daugh-
ter— ‘““Why, Ma, he says he is a bachelor.”’
Landlady— ““Well, I don’t believe it. When
he opens his pocketbook to pay his board he
always turns his back to me.”’

S5

The sympathetic prison visitor went from
cell to cell interviewing the inmates. To one
penitent-looking individual she put the usual
question: ‘‘What brought you here?’’

‘‘Borrowing money, lady,’”” was the reply.

‘“‘But, good gracious!’”’ she exclaimed,
‘‘they don’t put people in prison for borrow-
ing money.’’

‘‘Not ordinarily,’’ said the man, ‘‘but I had
to knock a man down three or four times be-
fore he would lend it to me.”’

S :

Senator Henry F. Ashurst, of Arizona, re-
lates that an Eastern tourist was traveling
the Southwest and stopped in a particularly
dry section of Arizona.

‘“This place is the limit,’’” he remarked, ad-
dressing a native. ‘I don’t think there is
another locality on the face of the earth that
is quite so dry. Doesn’t it ever rain in this
section?’’

“Rain!”” exclaimed the native. ‘‘Say,
stranger, we’'ve got bullfrogs around here
over eight years old that hain’t learned to
swim yet.”’
