---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_180.jpg
---
4

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Through the kindness of the Warden and
the President and our many friends and
well-wishers from the outside, who volun-
teered their talent and efforts to entertain,
the members were again permitted to enjoy
another pleasing afternoon on Saturday last.
The performers included Miss Sara Myers,
Connolly and Ardineer, and Mr. Edward
Kraupa, of the Monarch Film Company,
his son Herbert, and Mr. Mulligan. Miss
Mae Russell was again with us, interesting
herself in our behalf.

Professor Wiegandt presided, with the
leader’s baton, while our inmate pianist
(B 6252) accompanied the singers on the pi-
ano in a manner that called for the approval
of each singer.

Promptly at one o’clock the members
formed in line, and marshalled by their dele-
gates, marched to the amusement hall. The
orchestra performed an overture while they
were being seated, after which the Vice-
President (A 8432) made a few remarks.
Straight from the shoulder came the words
and each one was spoken in a manner that
left no doubt as to its meaning, and the man-
ner in which they were taken was shown by
the applause, and not a single report of spit-
ting was reported. Some record this; let it
élwags be so.

Then came the show. Our friend—and he
is our friend-——Mr. Edward Kraupa, of the
Monarch Film Company, was first with the
‘‘movie,”’” ‘‘Getting His Picture in the Pa-
pers.”” I guess when the bouts at the Har-
vard Athletic Club were shown some of the
boys didn’t sit up and take notice and try to
“‘snare’’ some of ‘“Dug’’ Fairbank’s upper-
cuts and cross-counters.

Then like the pudding to a good dinner
came Connolly and Ardineer in their sketch
(in costume and make-up) ‘“The New Sol-
dier.”” The audience went wild, and the ap-
plause was so hearty they just could not help
from giving us another song, and they did.

Then Miss Mae Russell, of the Kline
Book ng Company, proved her interest in
the boys and their entertainment by giving
us another treat in Miss Sara Myers, who
sang ‘‘There’s A Little Bit of Bad in Every
Good Little Girl.”” The boysagreed with her,
for so hearty was the applause that she re-
turned for the encore and sang ‘‘In Maryland.’’
In this she was so pleasing that the boys
would not be denied, so again she obliged
them with ‘“He May Be Old but He Has Young
Ideas.”” In this she introduced a dance which
was graceful and pleasing, and leaving a
burst of applause made a very pretty bow and
was gone. Will she return? Let us hope so.
A vote of thanks forMiss Myers and Messrs.
Connolly and * Ardineer and another for
Miss Russell and the Kline Booking Company.

‘Then came the scream of the screen, ‘‘His
Last Laugh.”” Was there any one who saw
that picture that has laughed his last laugh?
Not one.

THE UMPIRE

Mr. Edward Kraupa, of the Monarch Film
Company was ably assisted by his son Her-
bert and Mr. Mulligan. Boys, one big cheer
and a vote of thanks to Mr. Kraupa, his son,
and Mr. Mulligan. ;

The Warden was there and was satisfied
and pleased with the way everything went
off. Be assured that as long as everything
proceeds in a satisfactory manner he is earn-
est in his interest for the welfare of all.
Make good for the privileges, and trust the
future. There were a number of outside vis-
itors, among which were several members of
the Warden’s family, Mr. and Mrs. Geo.
Karlavagn of theatrical fame, and others.

President Reuben C. McKenty made a rul-
ing that every one be admitted to membership
and a new start made under this ruling. All
who will subscribe to the rules (they are very
simple and mean just be decent) can enjoy
the privileges of the entertainments. This
means, ‘“The ship is about to sail, get aboard
every one, the port is Pleasure Harbor.”’

The Christmas fund is progressing. Is your
number down? Many children will be made
happy on Christmas by a small (or large)
contribution. Drop a piece of silver in and
see how happy you feel.

The 2nd section goes out next week, No-
vember:4, 6 B, 161G, 3B, 10" B 1l B 2=
12:G1-2,1°B: Rep. Del. B 5602, 7664-

—B 7542

CHILDREN’S CHRISTMAS FUND

Previously acknowledged. $44.80

Additional Contributions

Contributions of $1.00 B 8219.

Contributions of 25¢ B 8142 7851 7775 6522
8150 8109 7796 7761 7447 7494 7610 7696 7841
6906 7419 8286 6304 6796.

Contributions of 15¢ B 7400. :

Contributions of 10¢ B 8228 8105 5099 6329
7125 6170 7717 8218 7694 5996 7749 7233 8207
6057. :

Contribution of .05¢ B 6152.

Total—$7.10. Grand Total—$51.90.

College Course for Police

According to a Cambridge, Mass., report
Harvard University is to extend its instruc-
tion to police officers. A course in the duties
of officers will be instituted within a month.
It will be the first of the kind in the world.

Raymond B Fosdick, of New York, an ex-
pert in some branches of police methods, has
been invited to become the first instructor.
His teaching, which will be in day and night
classes to allow members of all police shifts
to participate, will deal largely with the mat-
ter of organization, the keeping of station
house records, identification systems and to
some extent with psychology as it relates to
the interrogation of persons arrested.

On behalf of the hobo prisoners -in the
Mount Holly jail who were bathed and put to
work husking corn on the county farm, we
can say that they didn’t mind husking corn.

THE UMPIRE <“AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad”’ column. ¥

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 85¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. EE)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. *

FOR SALE—Bird cages. 25c to $1.00. B
5602, 7th Gallery. (40)
FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies made 6_f
Germantown wool, 4-fold $2.50 up; tidies 75c :
up. B 6343,2nd Gallery, 12th Block.

FOR. SALE—Fancy inlaid wood pincush-
lons and children’s furniture. Cushions from
50c to $2.00. B 8203, 6th Block. (40)
FOR SALE—Fancy bead collars, for la-
dies. Prices reasonable. B 5496, 12th Block,
2nd Gallery. (40)

FOR SAiLE—I;Iigh-grade ﬁov_e_lty hand-
bags, $1.25. Always a welcome present to
ladies. B 7712, 7th Block. (40)

FOR SALE—AIl kinds of inlay wood at
5c a foot; also inlaid serving-trays. Otto,
B 7698, Tth Gallery. (40)

SCROLL WORK-—Plain or fancy letters.
Your name cut out of white holly wood for
25¢; 3 letters for 5c. A novelty. Fine for
inlaid boxes, etc. B 7695, Tth Gallery. (41)

FOR SALE—A guitar in good condition.
Price $2.50. B 7821, 1st Block. (42)

FOI% SALE—Bead watch fobs, with swivels,
25c and 35c each; also bead rings and neck-
laces. B 7664, 8th Block. - (42)

FOR SALE—Fancy hand-painted trays, pho-
to enlargements in crayon, water color or oil;
also oil paintings. Prices reasonable. B
6329, 8th Block. (42)

FOR SALE-—Fancy hand-painted post-cards,
5¢ and 10c each; also picture frames for ILo-
rillard enlargements and other frames. B
5099, 8th Block. (42)

FOiRY*SAI:E——$3.OO Léfayette blue steel ra-
zor, never used; first 75c takes it. B 5098,
Tth Block." (42)

FOR SALE—Plain or fancy paper boxes
made to order, in large or small quantities.
Quallty and workmanship excellent. B 1000,
Cr. UMPIRE.

FOR SALE—Well-made inlaid boxes; aiso
guitar and mandolin. B 6523, 7th Block. '

i“OR_SALiE—A g(;;)d gui{;ar, in good condi-
tion; price $2.00. B 7613, 1st Block. (44)
FOR SALE-Ladies’ fine hand painted silka-
tine hand-bags in various colors; suitable for

a present or Christmas gift. Prices reason-
able. B 7647, Tth Block. (44)

FOR SALE—Mandolin, $1.50. B 5936, 7th
Gallery. (44)
FOR SALE—One set of orchestra bells (3

,octaves) $1.00; one Maelzel Metronome, $1.50.

B 6294, 1st Block. (44)

FOR SALE- Toy ducks, lite-like. and imads
strong. B 6563, 5th Gallery. (44)

E:(A)-ﬁmSALrE~Boys’—nea‘t>ly made Wheeibar-
rows. B6775, 5th Gallery. (44)

