---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_181.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

VOL. V

| THE UM

Philadelphia, November 8, 1916

PIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 46

DEUTSCHLAND MAY OPEN
MAIL SERVICE TO GERMANY

Post-Office Department Ready to Accept
Proposition— Would be Beneficial
to Both Countries

It is reported from Washington that the
Post-Office Department is prepared to accept
a proposal, submitted by Count von Bern-
storff, the German Ambassador, that mails
between this country and Germany be trans-
ported in merchant submarines. Announce-
ment to this effect was made public within
the last few days by Otto Praeger, Second
Assistant Postmaster-General.

The proposal is that not more than three
hundred pounds of first-class letter mail be
carried by each German merchant submarine
leaving an American port at the regular
steam liner rate. The suggestion was made
that submarine mail be placed in special con-
tainers, but the post-office authorities rejected
that, saying the mails could only be handled
with the regular equipment. German officials
hope the plans can be completed in time for
the Deutschland to carry the first mail ship-
ment on her second return voyage.

Soon after the Deutschland arrived at Bal-
timore on her first trip representatives of the
owners, through the German Ambassador,
officially suggested to the Post-Office Depart-
ment that such a service be established.

Establishment of a regular mail service by
submarine undoubtedly would, it is believed,
have a great effect upon exchange between
the United States and Germany and furnish
American business interests with connections
in Germany with a means of doing business
directly as well as avoiding British censor-
ship and seizure of securities.

The return of the Deutschland is not ex-
pected to raise any embarrassing issue for
the United States Government. The vessel

will be examined, and if its status is the-

same as when it was here on its previous
visit to Baltimore the vessel will be allowed
to clear at will as a merchant submariue.

ALL RECORDS BROKEN AT MINT

It is announced that October was the busi-
est month in the history of the U. S. Mint
in Philadelphia, the output reaching the tre-
mendous total of 45,231,413 coins. This is
more than one-fourth of the average yearly
output of the last four years. The annual
production has ranged around 150,000,000
pieces.

In the October production were included
some millions of the latest edition of the
dime, which went into circulation a few days
ago.

TREMENDOUS COSTS
OF THE GREAT WAR

Has Already Cost Over $75,000,000,000
and End Not in Sight

The indebtedness of the seven principal na-
tions engaged in the European war has cross-
ed §75,000,000,000, according to statistics pre-
pared by the Mechanics and Metals National
Bank, of New York, and made public in a
special report on the fiancial aspects of the
war. In the middle of 1914 theindebtedress of
these seven nations was $27,000, 000, 0C0.

Financing on an extensive scale has taken
place abroad this fall. France has issued a
second formal war loan, Germany a fifth loan,
and _.ussia « sixth loan. Great Britain has
issued temporary securities in encrmous sums.

The war is now costing $105,000,000 every
twenty-four hours, according to the bank’s
statement, expenditures of the Entente Allies
being fully double those of the Central Allies.

Last April, when this bank undertook pre-
viously to make a fiancial analysis of the war,
its calculation of daily war cost was $99, 000, -
000. ,

That Europe will have expended $75,000,-
000,000 directly for military operations, and
that its combined direct and indirect cost will
have been above $100,000,000,000 if hostilities
extend to the middle of next year, is the
statement made by the bank.

CHORAL SOCIETY GIVES
SONG SERVICE AT E. S. P.

The members of the West Philadelphia
Choral Society, under the leadership of Mrs.
Sladen, gave an excellent song service at
this institution on Sunday afternoon last.

The program consisted of sacred and class-
ical songs of excellent selection, and the ren-
dition proved above the average in blending
of voices and in fine tonal quality, to which
might be added a perceptible sense of en-
thusiastic devotion to the art of song by the
singers.

“‘Another visit of the Choral Society will
be mcst welccmre in the near {future,’” as an-
nounced by Chaplain Joseph Welch, who at
the same time expressed thanks and appre-
ciaticn to the participants for their services.

The general order from Superintendent
Robinson hasbeensent out for the annual po-
lice parade Saturday, November 11,announcing
that that the route will be north on Broad
street, from Reed to Oxford street, and that
the procession will be reviewed by Mayor
Smith from a stand on Broad street above
Walnut.

INSIDE JINGLES

That reminds us “‘Oysters R in season’’- but
not for us.

To keep the steam pipes hot, don’t swear at
the janitor.

The laborer is worthy of his hire, even in
prison.

If you can not pay him, atleast you can
feed him.

Another state goes dry. —News Item.
The first thing you know the only wet state
in the Union will be the State of Intoxication.

Deliver us from the pest who insists on tell-
ing his troubles. We have plenty of our own.

The back-drop of the H. F. C. stageis a
fine piece of work, executed by two fellow-
inmates, and it takes the penof a genius to de-
scribe it.

During his six months with the bard
‘‘Brownie,’’ our talented musician, has made
wonderful progess in his playing. He has
been advanced to the position of chief water
boy.

A thoroughreorganization of the shoe depart-
ment is taking place. Machinery is to be in-
stalled in the new shops, and an expert is al-
ready in charge to supervise and instruct the
workers in the use of it.

A scientist recently stated that the breath
of four hundred criminals contains enough
poison to kill an army.

He must mingle with the aristocracy.

We read an amusing anecdote the other day
concerning the warden of a large pententiary.
There was quite a large number of visitors
present, when the commissary clerk stopped
to ask how many apples to give the men for
supper. The warden (wishing to impress the
visitors, but holding up cne finger) said in a
magnanimous voice, ‘‘Give ’em as many as
they want.”’

It is not the easiest thing in the world to
get up before an unusual audience (such as
we have at H. F. C.) and entertain it. Critical
observers will have noticed that some of the
performers seemed to be quite nervous and
under high tension; in fact a few of them
actually go all to pieces. It is up to all of us
to help them along. Give them a square deal,
andif you think they are not up to the mark,
mum’s the word. 5

We should be very grateful to them for
‘‘doing their little bit’’ to cheer us up.
