---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_182.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Ufnpire Printing Office, and given to tl e Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number. i

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

é '}4713: Editor.

Philadelphia, November 8, 1916

1385. Females

Last serial number B 8420.

PrisoN PoruLATION— Males
19. Total 1404.

JUDGES SHOULD VISIT PRISONS

It is an encouraging sign to note that the
idea of having judges visit penal institutions
periodically, for the purpose of becoming
better informed on the actual conditions pris-
oners have to endure while serving sentence,
so they may observe the effect of incarcera-
tion as a means of correction and reform, and
to note the fitness of prison inmates for liber-
ation under parole or otherwise, is fast gain-
ing ground among the thinking public, and
those who have the best interest of the fallen
and unfortunate at heart. Foremost among
the latter class is Dr. William O. Stillman,
editor of The National Humane Review, who
is ever on the alert to co-operate in the bet-
terment of suffering humanity.

In a recent article from his pen, Dr. Still-
man states that ‘‘some one has declared that
a judge should not be permitted to sentence
a prisoner to the penitentiary until the said
judge has had an opportunity to know, by
practical experience, just what a prison sen-
tence means. As one ardent advocate of the
desirability of properly educating judges re-
cently declared: ‘Every judge should be sen-
tenced to thirty days in prison before he is
permitted to send a prisoner there.’

““There can be no doubt but what judges
have been showing greater leniency toward
prisoners. Perhaps this has resulted largely
from the tendencies of the times, which have
favored kindly treatment for delinquents.
National and state meetings of judges to
discuss their policies in handling criminals
have also led to more enlightened and wider
vision. We believe that the policy of mercy
and kindness to prisoners is one which will
yield the best results, and anything which
will make the judge wiser, more sympathetic
and to appreciate more clearly the tempta-
tions and conditions which proauce most erim-
inality will also best conduce to reform.’’

THE ROAD CALLED STRAIGHT
The day has passed when a man is eter-
nally condemned because of a single error.
The age old prejudice against the convicted

THE UMPIRE

felon is fast disappearing and the man leav-
ing prison to begin life anew is meeting some
encouragement where before he met only dis-
trust and suspicion. ,

Under these circumstances many graduates
of our penal institutions are making good in
a big way. Every day we read of some fel-
low with a past who has wrested success from
apparent failure. One of the highest sala-
ried sales managers in the automobile business
once wore a suit of prison gray.

The business men of the nation are coming
to understand that trust begets trust, and
they find that the ex-prisoner if given a de-
cent chance will work faithfully and hard to
effect his own rehabilitation. Some of the
largest manufacturing concerns in the coun-
try are opening the doors of their plants to
the fellow who wants a chance—and is will-
ing to fight for it.

The Road called Straight is the only route.
It pays to be honest, and the new penology
is teaching men how to become honorable
citizens. The old time professional crook is
passing as the buffalo and long-haired gun-
man passed. Even those who guard the
treasure chests of the American Bankers’
Association admit this. Last year only three
members of that organization suffered loss by
burglary.

The old-timers, the men with nerve, brains
and experience, realizing the futility of fur-
ther following a criminal career are traveling
the Road called Straight. —The Square Deal.

SAGE LEAVES

Life is a great game,
cheat yourself and win.
S 5 3k
When you have gained the power to think
right and act right while under pressure, you
are then in control of yourself.
% *
£ 3

and you can not

The great fault with many of us is that we
begin the real hard work pretty late in life.
But ‘‘better late than never.”’

Again we have the Joliet Prison Post be-
fore us, and it is better than ever. It is just
brimming over with good, interesting read-
ing, which is supplemented with excellent
typographical and press work. Truly a num-
ber to be proud of.

Congratulations.

Like angold friend, ‘‘always welcome,’’ the
October number of Our View Point, of Wal-
la Walla, Wash., has just arrived to lighten
our spirits and gladden the heart. Scanning
the contents of the current number, we fail
to find a mediocre article in its pages. They
are all good, which is proof positive that Ed-
itor Gordon is a good scout and loyal to his
job and clan.

Well! here is something that is both pleas-
ing to the eye and to our editorial acumen.
The Prison Monitor, of Windsor, Vt., is
surely the real article, and no mistake.
Among the several excellent articles of the

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

October number may be mentioned ‘‘The
Fear That Kills,”” ‘“The Benefits of Reform,’’
and the second instalment of ‘‘Stanley’s Yel-
lowstone Expedition.’’ ? ]

Gray matter and enterprise will surely as-
sert itself, even in a prison paper; and it is
evident that Editor Collins has ‘‘the goods.’’

TAKE YOUR OWN MEASURE!

Much is heard nowadays about the fellow
who israther smart at ‘‘measuring up’’ other
folk, and prides himself on his ability to take
the other fellow’s measure. But how about
taking his own measure? It might prove
more beneficial than measuring the other fel-
low.

For a try-out, take alook atyourself, as an
up-to-date business manager would take a
look at the man coming to get a job. Do
you think ycu could measure up to the re-
quirements? :

Are you alertin picking wup ideas or the
drift of a conversation when told to do some
little job, or does your thoughts go flitting
about on other things?

Are you progressive or satisfied to remain
at a stand-still, satisfied with half doing
things; and do you aim for the highest in all
things?

Do you have a propensity to use too much
slang and bad grammar, mixed with profan-
ity?

Are you willing to make a genuire sac. ifice
for another, so you may feel the soul glow
for doing a kind act?

Do you try to be patient with others who
know less than yourself but are seeking op-
portunity to do better things? Are you in
sympathy with the elderly or infirm and those
in deep trouble?

Are you considerate of the rights of others
and willing to abide your turns, and do you
feel grateful for the small courtesies ex-
tended which money does not buy, and do
you habitually returns thanks for the kind-
ness shown you?

Make an effort to get a good grip on your
own motives and conduct, and see if it does
not help you to help others and prove a bless-
ing to you as well.

You can safely take it for granted that
other people are taking your measure and de-
termining the calibre you size up to.
