---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_183.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

W

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

Scores were injured by a hailstorm that
broke suddenly during the motorboat regatta
at Sunapee Harbor, N. H. The races were
finished, but contestants received cuts and
blackened eyes.

S
Kissing has received the official ban of the
New York State Board of Health in a bulletin
issued yesterday. It says: ‘‘Kissing on the
mouth, especially children, should be discour-
aged.”’
&

False teeth broke up a political meeting in
Casper, Wyo. Senator Jones, of Washington,
answering a group of Wilson hecklers, start-
ed to launch a tremendous sentence. He
launched his teeth instead. As they bounded
on the floor shrieks of laughter broke up the
meeting.

g \

It required just five and a half minutes to
- find the J. Tolchinsky Grocery Corporation
guilty of failing to make a return income tax
report when the case came up in the Federal
Courtin Brooklyn, N. Y., recently. A deputy
collector of internal revenue was the only
witness heard. A fine of $1000 was imposed,
completing the shortest trial on record in
Kings County.

S

“Don’t fuss. I haven’t a relative in the
world, and I would like to be cremated. I
have only $26. Not enough? No? Oh, well.”’
The foregoing is the textleft by Mrs. Minerva
Holmes, of New York, who was found dead
recently, a suicide by gas. It was addressed
to the Coroner and the money was enclosed
in an envelope. She was known as the ‘“‘wo-
man of mystery.”’

5

As a thief William Rankin was a failure. So
he went to prison and achieved success. Sen-
tenced to Joliet for one to ten years he met a
mouse. They became friends. Other mice
came along. He befriended them. Then he
taught them to loop the loop, perform high
dives, play ‘‘dead,’” answer to their individual
names, and hunt peanuts and cheese. Now
Rankin has a mouse circus, said to be one of
the oddest ‘‘menageries’’ in existence. He
wants a parole so the world can see it.

&

An unusual plot of ground in lower New
York City, rank with grass and weeds and en-
closed by a picket fence, had long taunted the
curiosity of James Lucia, twelve years old.
With several companions, he climbed the fence
and began to explore the midurban wilder-
ness. Suddenly he screamed and was lost to
view. A policeman summoned to the rescue
found the lad at the bottom of a pit, pale and
trembling, in the midst of a collection of cof-
fins, skulls and skeletons. The plot is the
site of one of New York’s oldest cemeteries.
Seventy-five years ago it was abandoned.

*THE HYMN THAT BORE HIM HOME

““Take that preaching chap away now; I
don’t want to hear him tell

Of the blessings of a heaven, of the torments
of a hell;

.He will brag of being perfect, or will lord

o’er me at least,

And I’d rather die this moment than be
bothered by a priest.”’

He was dying in the prison, all alone, with-
out a word

From an anxious heart to tell him of the
mercies of the Lord;

But he lay and tossed in fever, wishing that
the ling’ring breath

Would announce to him the presence of the
eager angel, Death.

Suddenly, up from the court-yard, rose the
soft words of a hymn;

He had heard it in his childhood, ere his heart
was black with sin;

And it touched him now as coming as a mes-
sage from the hand :

Of his mother as she sung it in his own far
native land.

He was dying now, a stranger and an out-
cast, in his cell,

But this hymn that seemed to reach him
from those angels lips could tell,

Better than the best of preachers, what he
longed for, what he had

When he knelt at night and
mother’s side a lad:

morning by his

‘“‘Jesus, lover of my soul,

Let me to Thy bosom fly,
While the nearer waters roll,

While the tempest still is high;
Hide me, O my Saviour hide,

Till the storm of life is past;
Safe into the haven guide,

Oh, receive my soul at last.”’

As he raised himself, with wonder peering
out into the night,

From the darkness all around him suddenly
there rose a light, :

And he saw, beyond his bedside, all the
scene he loved so well,

In those distant days of childhood—how they
came he could not' tell.

And his mother stood before him, as he saw
her long ago,

With her care-worn, wrinkled forehead, with
her hair as white as snow,

So he streched his arm to greet her—wnen
he woke and was alone!

But up from the prison court-yard rose the
soft, angelic tone:

““Other refuge have I none,

Hangs my helpless soul on Thee;
Leave, O leave me not alone,

Still support and comfort me.
All my trust on Thee is stayed,

All my help from Thee I bring;
Cover my defenseless head

With the shadow of Thy wing.”’

When the prison-keeper found him, he was

kneeling on the floor, _

With his hands before him folded, but the
pains of life were o’er;

From the glory of forgiveness he had lost
the look of sin,

All because an unknown singer chanced to
sing a vesper hymn.

—J. R. Meader.

*We publish the akove poem at the request of a “King’s
Daughter,”” whose interest in the welfare of E. S. P.
inmates finds expression in the “‘hope that the poem may
touch a responsive chord in the heart of some mothei’s
son among ‘ he boys.” ”’—Editor.

BORROWED MIRTH

Teacher—‘If a farmer sold 1470 bushels of
wheat at $1.17 a bushel, what would he get?”’
Boy—‘‘An automobile.”’

S

Employer— ‘‘John, I wish you would not
whistle at your work.”’

Boy— ‘‘I wasn’t working,
ling.””

sir; only whist-

S
Hicks— ‘‘She married in haste.”’
Wicks— ‘“And repented at leasure, I sup-
pose.”’
Hicks— ‘“No, she repented in haste, too.””

2

Angry Investorr—“Well,‘ I’ve been out and
seen that building lot I bought of you.’’ Real
Estate Man— “‘You’re just the I chap want
to see. What does it look like?’’

2

Ethel, aged four, had been to visit her
cousins, two fun-loving boys. ‘‘Papa,’” she
said, the night of her return home, ‘“‘every
night when George and John say their prayers
they ask God to make them good boys.”’

‘“That’s nice,’’ said papa.

Then, thinking soberly for a few minutes,
Ethel added, ‘‘He ain’t done it yet, though.”’

2

Police Magistrate—‘‘Well, sir, what are
you up here for?”’

Prisoner— ‘‘For attending to business, your
Honor. I was arrested merely” because 1
opened a drug-store.”’

Police Magistrate—*‘I
wrong about that.
officer?’’

Officer— “‘It is so far as it goes, your Hon-
or. But he neglected to state that he opened
the store at 2 a. m. with a jimmy.”’

S

The Judge’s five-year-old son John had been
naughty when his parents were having com-
pany and had been reproved. That night
when his mother went up to hear John say
his prayers she suggested that he ask God to
teach his parents how to bring him up prop-
erly.

John was quite penitent and prayed hum-
bly: ‘‘Please, God, teach mother how to make
me a good boy.”” He paused for a moment,
then added thoughtfully, ‘‘And father, too,
if you can do anything with him.”’

can see nothing
Is the man’s story true,
