---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_184.jpg
---
‘was observed in better

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Election day has come and gone, and as
good American citizens we greet the incom-
ing President and say ‘‘God bless you, sir.”’
But what interests the Honor and Friendship
Club as individuals, is the entertainment on
Saturday, given through the kindness of the
Warden and our friends from the outside.
For this privilege the officers and members
of the 2nd Section H. F. C. respectfully
thank each and every one who took a part in
our entertainment.

Each performance appears to be the best
poéssible, and yet a new and better feature
comes with the following week. A new back-
ground, painted by B 7648, representing a
scene in a Colorado canyon, gave a realistic
feature to the stage; and the fact that the
artist took but seven hours to complete the
work strongly indicates the point emphasized
by the Warden and friends of prisoners, that
there is good talent to be found among shut-
ins, and they are using their endeavors to
bring it out.

The dinner is eaten, dishes are washed,
each member of the 2nd Section has on his
new bid and tucker and watches the clock.
One o’clock; here we go! All line up for the
Big Show! No one knows what he will see,
and each one is curious; but appreciating the

privilege, there is no disorder, and, orderly .

and pleased, arrive at the ‘‘amusement hall,”’
where Professor Wiegandt had the best in
stock, and a burst of pure harmony from the
inmate orchestra gave portend to what was
to come.

After all were seated, and each one settled
down, the Vice-President (B 8432) gave the
opening address. Pete don’t say much, but
each word has a meaning; so pay attention
to what he says, as he represents the giver
of these privileges.

The performance opened with a five-reel
film entitled ‘‘Bullets and Brown Eyes.”” Ev-
erything to create interest was there, ar-
mored autos, motorceycles, aeroplanes, sol-
diers, and ‘‘Brown Eyes.’” The soldier did
his duty, faced all the horrors of war, and
then came the ‘‘Brown Eyes '’ and he fell.
But who wouldn’t fall for a pair of brown
eyes? The applause was plenty; but you
can’t encore a ‘‘movie.”” Too bad.

We missed Sam with the drum, but as he
company, we excuse
him; but his place on the drum can’t be filled.
Our pianist (B 6252) hesitated for an instant
with Miss Curtiss; but, like a thoroughbred,
caught the pace, and after that everything
went along smooth.

The visitors’ row was filled by our friends.
The Warden was with us" and enjoyed him-
self. Our good friend, Miss Mae Russell, of
the Kline Booking Company, was with us,
and we thank her for the treats she provides.
Our President, Mr. R. C. McKenty, with the
heir-apparent, attended by the heir’s Aunt
Elsie and Uxxele Bill, came early and remained
late.

THE UMPIRE

Mr. Edward Kraupa, of the Monarch Film
Company, never misses an opportunity to
demonstrate his friendship for the Club.
When the Kiddie Xmas Fund was broached,
quick as a flash he said, ‘Good idea. Put me
down for $5.00.”” Thanks, brother member.
Thanks from all, and the kiddies too.

Mr. and Mrs. Dipple were there and Mr.
Bert LeMarte, who was to perform but was
disappointed; and so were we.

Mr. Dipple appeared to be overﬂowmg with
the milk of human kindness and fairly ex-
uded good-fellowship from every pore as he
passed along.

Miss Daisy Butland opened the vaudeville.
The most difficult of all music is “‘triple-
tongueing’’ a cornet, and yet this dainty lady
executed score after score of marvelous mu-
sic. The Warden, an interested member, be-
came so enthusiastic he turned from right to
left saying, ‘“The best I ever heard! That’s
good!”’

The applause was so hearty and the encore
bid fair to be a continuous performance, so
Miss Mae Russell came to the rescue with the
remark: ‘‘Boys, have a little mercy on the
players. They want to please, but we have
a big show and want you to see it all.”’ But
how can we help appreciating a good thing;
so when Mr. Charles Allman, principal come-
dian with H. Barkus Orchard Company, did his
songs and monologue the applause again rose
to the roof. The treat of the afternoon was
waiting, however, when Miss Dot Curtiss, a
daughter of dear old Scotland, made her ap-
pearance with songs and imitations of the
violin and cornet. It was an honor to the
Honor and Friendship Club that the first bow
to an American audience was made by Miss
Curtiss before us on Saturday, and judging
from the reception and epplause her success
in America is assured.

The Maher Quintette wound up the vaude-
ville performance; each member gave a solo
with the quintette as a chorus. Each one
was so good that our verdict is, all were the
best; so thank you and come again.

Then ‘‘Fatty’” Arbuckle, in ‘‘The Village
Scandal,’” on the Keystone Film. Who ecan
describe ‘‘Fatty’’ Arbuckle? He just came
and sent us home laughing; that’s all. Pro-
fessor Wiegandt, with the inmate orchestra,
provided recessional musie, filled with Amer-
ican military airs. The performers caught
the spirit and gave everything in them to the
effort. It was grand and inspiring.

Mr. Schwartz, of the Lubin Film Company,
Mrs. Schwartz, Mrs. and Miss Vincent and
Miss E. Clark were interested in every part
of the performance, as was Attorney Carroll,
who was with us in a social—not professional
—way. Joe Georgianna was in evidence, but
he produced his ticket at the door and was
one of ‘‘the boys.”” We have nothing against
the ‘‘screws’” if they behave themselves and
don’t spit on the floor. We’ll let ’em in, but
they must have a ticket.

Did you notice the ‘Kiddie Xmas Film?”’
Don’t forget the Xmas Kiddie Fund, Make

a feature of that. Some kiddie will be hap-
pier this Christmas for the ‘‘cons’ mite,’’ and
those who give will receive the ‘‘God bless
the big brother on ‘The Hill.””’ that some
kiddo will send up to Heaven Christmas
morning. Next Saturday, Nov. 11th, one
o’clock sharp, the 1st Section gces out as
follows: 5 B, 5 G, 7B, 7G,9 B, 3B, 4 B, 4 G,
Get your tickets and be ready. B 7664-5602.

—B 75/2.

CHILDREN’S CHRISTMAS FUND

Previously acknowledged. $51.90.

Additional Contributions

Contribution of $5.00 Mr. Kraupa.

Contribution of $2.00 B 8141.

Contributions of $1.00 2 5562 5735.

Contributions of 50¢ 8319 8062 7640 6657 8226
7365.

Contributions of 25¢ B 8309 6981 6922
7167 7298 5921 5290 7417 8185 6650 6073
7927 7337 7731 8291 7736 6945 8184 8251
8316 6131 7021.

Contribution of 20¢ B 7140. :

Contributicns of 15¢ B 8302 8068 7078
7485 6946 7904 8192.

Contributions of 10¢ B 7558 7291 6198
7566 7467 8018 6736 8240 6143 7967 7790
8052 6714 7196 6450 7835 7200 7455 4685
7828 7964 8379 8112 8318 8370 8313 8043
8203 7398 6662 6138 7787 7959 8156.
Contribution of .05¢ B 8297.

Total—$23.50. Grand Total—$75.40

THE INCRE ' SED SPACE DEMANDED FOR H. F,
C. NOTES NECESSITATES CUTTING DOWN THE
“AD” COLUMN. A CONDITION FOR WHICH WE
ARE IN NO WISE RESPONSI LE.—EDITOR.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. (%)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates
B 7386, 3rd Block.

FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies made of
Germantown wool, 4-fold $2.50 up; tidies T5c
up. B 6343,2nd Gallery, 12th Block.

FOR SALE—Edison phogograph in good
condition, with 5 dozen 2 and 4 minute rec-
ords. Price reasonable. B 6921 \oth Gallery

FOR SALE Gu1tar in ﬁrst class condition,
worth $5.00; will sell for $2.00. B 6601, 4th
Block. (44)

FOR SALE— Fancy hand -painted trays, pho-
to enlargements in crayon, water color or oil;
also oil paintings. Prices reasonable. B
6329, 8th Block. (42)

POST-CARDS—The fancy cut kind, by B
7662, 6th Blocck; 5 for 25c. (46)

FOR SALE—Four razors at a very reasona-
ble price. B 7623, 6th Gallery. (46)

FOR SALE—Fancy hand-painted post-cards,
5c and 10c each; also picture frames for Lo-
rillard enlargements and other frames. B
5099, 8th Block. (42)

FOR SALE—-$3.00 Lafayette blue steel ra-
zor, never used; first T5c takes it. B 5098,
7th Block. (42)

7255
8009
8225

7740

6775
5433
7911
8374

