---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_185.jpg
---
{ Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

| THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E.S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, November 15, 1916

NO. 47

TEMPERANCE GAINS 5 MORE
STATES IN ELECTION

Half the States in the Union Now Dry
—Congress to Take Up Measure Soon

According to the latest available reports
temperance won five more states in Tuesday’s
election, so that now half the nation is dry.

Prohibition swept Michigan, South Dakota,
Nebraska and Montana, and Utah elected a
Governor and a legislature absolutely pledged
to the principle that liquor has no place in a
modern community.

The election brings the number of complete-
ly dry states up to twenty-four, and upon
the returns the anti-saloon leaders of the
country base predictions that the Webb-
Smith - Gallinger - Sheppard resolution for a

-prohibition amendment to the National Con-
stitution will be passed by Congress in De-
cember or January.

‘It is difficult to believe that Congress can
continue to resist the proposition that this
amendment be submitted to the people in
face of the overwhelming sentiment, not
alone in favor of the resolution itself, but

beolutely in favor of prohibition,’”” said H.
L. Chalfant, editor of the Pennsylvania edi-
“ion of the American Issue at the headquar-
ters of the State Anti-Saloon League yester-
day. “I firmly believe that the resolution
will receive a sufficient number of votes to
win, if not from the present Congress, then
surely from the next.’’

The result in Michigan makes Detroit the
largest dry city on the continent up to date.
The fight in Michigan was one of the most
brilliantly conducted campaigns on the part
of the foes of liquor, that was ever waged in
America, according to anti-saloon leaders.

In this state the anti-saloon element is
‘aiming credit for the defeat of Congress-
man A. J Barchfeld, of Pittsburgh, and of
Congressman Warren Worth Bailey, of Johns-
town. Barchfeld is a Republican, while
Bailey is a Democrat. The Anti-Saloon
League fights without regard to party,

. obably the biggest factor in the prohibi-
tion hope that Congress will pass the amend-

‘ment resolution is the fact that the same

. . esolution in 1914, then known as the Hobson
Lc.olution, received 197 votes, eight more
th n were cast against it. But it required a
two- hird vote. .

The ‘‘dry”’ states, including those which
voted for prohibition on Tuesday, are as
follows:

Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado,
Georgia, Kansas, Idaho, Iowa, Mississippi,
North Carolina, Maine, Michigan, Montana,
North Dakota, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Oregon,
South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee,
Virginia, Utah, Washington, and West Vir-
ginia.

THE EIGHT-HOUR LAW TO
BE_TESTED IN COURT
Inju’ncfion Sought By Santa Ff;——De-
clares Adamson Law Unconsti-
tutional

A late report from Kansas City, Mo., states
that the Atkinson, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railway filed a suit in the Federal Court here
last Friday, to enjoin the United States Dis-
trict Attorney in Kansas and ‘‘labor leaders’’
from compelling the railroad to putinto effect
the Adamson ‘‘eight-hour’’ law.

The defendants in the case are Fred Rob-
ertson, United States District Attorney fcr
the district of Kansas, and several train ser-
vice employes, including a general chairman
of the railway conductors, Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers, Brotherhood of Loco-
meoetive Firemen and Enginemen, and a vice-
chairman of the Brotherhood of Railroad
Trainmen. :

The bill calls attention to agreements with
train employes, none of which, it says, con-
templates that the employes shall work a fix-
ed number of hours, but that owing to the
nature of train service the trip, in terms of
hours or mileage as preferred by the men in
the basis of compensation.

The bill recites the circumstance surround-
ing the passage of the Adamson law, and
claims that it is mere arbitrary increase in
wages. The law, says the bill, in unconsti-
tutional and void because it is not a regula-
tion of inter-state commerce, that itis amere
experiment intended as a basis for further
legislation, that it deprives the company of
its liberty of contract and right of property
without the process of law, and that it is un-
workable and uncertain.

The Court is asked to indicate what steps
it shall take ‘‘by way of keeping special ac-
counts, giving bond or otherwise, for the
purpose of assuring complete protection to
all its employes.’” On the other hand, com-
plainant says that if preliminary and final in-

junction be denied and this complainant be
compelled under fear of penalties of the said
act to adopt at his own peril some construc-
tion of the act involving the payment of in-
creased wages to considerable numbers of its
employes, and if the act shall subsequently be
declared to be invalid. the loss thereby sus-
tained by this complainant car never be re-
paired in any way. .

In Federal Court in Omaha, the Union Pa-
cific filed a bill of complaint, alleging that
the Adamson act was unconstitutional.

With the filing of these suits the railroads
of the United States began their fight against
the eight-hour law.

It is asserted that a number of other suits
would be filed next week, among them actions
by large Eastern roads. .

INSIDE JINGLES

Let’s ‘kick in’” and get ‘‘Fat’’ a pair of
‘“‘strides.”’

P. S.-With tin lining.

Some one put a potato too many in last
Tuesday’s fast—we mean feast; and came
mighty near spoiling it.

The prediction is made that the price of food
will advance 509% before the war is over.

Why worry? We can always fall back on
soup.

THE UMPIRE refused all political adver-
tisements, as it desires not only to remain
independent, but absolutely spotless and un-
tainted. Selah.

It seems as if Hughes sentiment is over-
whelmingly strong in here, but what a terrible
disapointment the result of last week’s con-
test was to his supporters.

A gang of live wires led by ‘‘Slim,’’ an-
nounced by ‘‘Curley’’ and protected by Vine
St. Charley, invaded the printing office to fix
a couple of wires. They performed their
duty in a very faithful manner, and as a
special inducement for them to continue do-
ing so, we let them talk in a loud tone of
voice as much as they wanted to.

Mose says: ‘‘Whas dis yer one-third law
dey all am talkin® ’bout? Ah spects dat after
it done pass de legislature, dis law’ll be dat
a man who done got nine to ten years fo’
stealing a chicken only gets one-third or ’bout
ten to thirty years fo’'de same boid.

ANNOUNCEMENT OF COURSE IN
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING

Mr. Bonsall announces the formation of a
new class in the Unversity Extension course
of Elementary Mechanical Engineering. The
course will consist of Shop Sketching, Ele-
mentary - Shop Arithmetic and Advanced
Arithmetic.

An advanced course will be taken up later,
embracing Algebra, Geometry and Trigonom-
etry. The last class was a high success; nine-
teen men graduated with high honors and re-
ceived their diplomas.

The courses are designed with the idea of
aiding the practical mechanic to enlarge his
knowledge. This is your opportunity to rel-
egate the words, ‘I can’t’” and ‘I don’t
know,’” to the scrap-heap where they belong.

Send your application for membership
through your Overseer to Mr. Bonsall.
