---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_186.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern'State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,

every Wednesday.
. Devpted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.
.« Mss.-

-Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-

ceptable, and will.he published as ‘needed. Rejected arti- -

cles will not be returned:

All communications from mrnateS should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,

who will:see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s nyumber. !

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413:

Philadelphia,

Editor

‘Nov emhel 155 ]016

1380. Females
Last serial number B 8426.

"“'PrisoN PoPULATION—Males
19. Total 1399.

PRACTICAL SOCIAL AND RELIGIOUS
WORK IN PRISON

The following interesting excerpts are ta-
ken from an address deliver ed by the Rev. T.
O. Reed, Chaplain of the Ohio State’ Prison,
before the International Prison Congress, re-
cently held at Buffalo, N. Y.

Speakmg of the rehglous work, the Chap-
lain Hd](j 2 beheve that all the religious
services should be entlrely under the Chap-
lain, and he should use wisdom in allowing
others to take part in the services.
~ ““Thelpractical administration of religion,
as applied to a penal 1n%t1tut10n in. this day
and age, is to dppeal no ]()nger to men ’s fear,
to their 1gnolanee and superstition, but to
make a senxlble appeal to their 1ntelhgence
and reason, an(i to convince them of the love
and forgiveness of God. " Reform has touched
the religious department of our modern
penology as well as 1t has every other depart-
ment. :

A Shakeqpeare qald : ‘We no longer mount
barbed steeds to hlght the souls of fearful
adversaries, with fear of hell and etexndl per-
dltmn becau%e in men, ‘who are rudely
stamped and want love’s maJesty there are,
nevertheless, ‘the latent sentiments ‘and the
inherent.craving for the true that pervades
the souls of all human beings, if ever the
scales of ignorance are lifted from their eyes
and they are brought to see their conduct in
the broad llght of God’s enlightened .twen-
tieth century

“When we can get men to thlnk we have

started them on the way to reformation. Men

inside and out are- coming to see that our: re-

ligion is no. idle theory, but a pract]cal eNEery- .

day working agency for hdpplness nclife,.,

“The truth that I wish Ao impress is. thlq —
bring religion by direct contact, by dlrect
teaching, by direct personal ewcpmple to the
individual concerned. . .

‘““When a man sees the grace of God bemg
demonstrated in other lives. he begms to
yearn for it in his own; when he comes to see
others as good, clean, pure and happy, he
will say to himself, ‘Why.can’t I participate
in it, too?’

. Thus,’

”spect and honor. )
can still blush or ,one’s  pulse still quicken

.able character

“The Christian worker is to strengthen the
hands of the weak, in his new resolves, to
awaken his finer sentiments, direct his thoughts
into nobler and better channels, and to em-

- phasize ‘always that the doctrine of Christ is

the power of balvatlon and is able to solve
every problem of life.

‘““When we receive a prisoner let us take
him' for what he is-—a plain man gone wrong
and in-need of being straightened up. If his

body is unfit to house a healthy spirit let the

prison. physician repair it. . If he is ignorant,
give him some education to depend on. If he
has any mechanical ability help him to mas-
ter a trade. ‘Give him what he needs and
when he goes back to the world, he will not
be helpless or alone. He will not be looked

upon as a poor, miserable. wretch, but as a

man. . It is our duty to encourage them, help
remove their difficulties, instead of-adding to
them, show them that there is a “higher -and
better. life, and that as Jesus forgives us our
many trespasses, so we should forgive them
theirs.

oL

THE FOUNDATION OF CHARACTER

- Evil is' the natural result .of wrong think-
ing. Constantly ‘thinking and forever bring-

‘ing to-the fore evil thoughts results, in a short

time, in evil habits.
Habits are formed by repeatedly thinking
the same ideas a certain length of time, until
fixed attention is not required. This creates
in the brain 'what'we may call a habit groove.
corresponding ' thoughts that are not
inimical to each other readily fit this groove
and the result is that we mechanically per-
form without any exertion of the will.
' One’s character will be moulded according
to one’s habitual thoughts and one’s counte-
nance'is the mirror upon which one’s joy and
grief, pleasure and pain, love and hatred are
exhibited. *A great many people estimate all
things by exterior signs. 'By“viewing ‘these
on every occasion they appraise, Judge and
draw conclusiohs or attributes. Upon meet-
ing strangers one will say, ‘This man has an
honest look,”” or “Ile has a forbidding coun-
tenance. ™’ The physician pays more atten-
tion to"the patient’s features ‘than to the
verbal reports received as to his condition.
Destructive to character: ‘and “opposed to
purity, cleanliness and personal dignity is‘the
loss of faith in one’s own resolutions because
of frequent determlnatlons to do that Whlch
is.never done. 2
. By correct thmklng one can become trans-
formed and influenced, Pegalnt dne 'S
Alone , in' one s

om one

over the fond 1emembrance of some noble
deed or thought In- that” case one” stlll ‘has
the foundztion upon whlch to build an honor-
,—;lewaukee Senttnel

SIMPLY L()SING THLIR HEADS

“The M’Llwuukee Sentmal observes that “most
recent orders of the British Government lim-

£ self re-

REI‘IGIOU‘S SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock,” A. M.
- Confession every Saturday morning.

Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday.mormng.

7

Episcope.l services. are held at the Chapel

“on the third Thursday of every"month. o

Jewxsh services, ‘are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

its the amount‘bf foodstuffs that may be im-
ported by the neutral nations of Holland,
Denmark, Sweden and Norway to an amount
which British officials estimate is the normal
consumption of those countries. The neutrals
are told how much they may buy and other
neutral nations how little they can sell. There
will be no real pretense made that this is not
a gross v1olat10n of the rights of all neutral
nations.  Thus to mterfere with the commerce
of a friendly people is'an act whlch can right-
ly be considered hostile. The old plea of
military necessity will reappear, but the plea
is getting worn out. Great Britain’s minis-
ters are simply losing their heads.”’

A WORD ABOUT GOATS

‘Evidently a writer in the Chicago Journal
has a high opinion of goat meat, as he says
that ““the traveler in New Mexico, Arizona
and many other parts’ cf the Southwest has
no trouble in getting ‘lafnb‘chops and ‘roast
mutton,’ and no fault to find with the quality
of the meat served under’ these names. Yet
much of the time he is eatlng goat meat
—and liking it. Offeréd under its proper
name it would be rejected with scorn, but
only the title needs’ dlsgulse The meat itself
is delicious. Now, goats can be raised much
more easily than sheep, and will produce

‘more meat to the acre than any other ani-

mals except possibly swine. The chief thing
that keeps their numbers down is pre_]udlce e

4 AS”VOICED BY OI‘HERS

Under another title the Boston Globe makes
the followmg comment in . regard to prison
literature;. :

““‘Such work of heart and brain is a testi-
mony to the vitality of:some few men. They
are the exceptions; they are not the rule. A

‘great novel, the great American novel for
“which the critics sigh, may come out of a

six-by-eight cell. It may be half written
now, but it is not likely. The fact that some
individuals have used their time and brains
as a meens to win fame, must not blind us to

the WORTH of the modern movement to make
prisons and prison experiences less terrible.
iWHEN PRISONS REALLY MAKE '‘MEN BETTER,

LITERATURE AS WELL AS LIFE WILL BE EN-
RICHED.
