---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_187.jpg
---
* THE UMPURE |

. INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

At the ninth annual convention of the Vege-
table Growers’ Association of America; held
at Chicago, was introduced-the seed of .a new
onion deodorized and tearless.. By evolution,
it is asserted, it may be given perfume of-the
lily or of the rose.

B

When he discovered that he had been rob-
bed of $1.80, C. Taunt, a conductor of a New
York City street railway, .shouted the news
to the motorman, stopped the car and rushed
to the street curb. He reeled and fell, dead.
““Overexertion,’’ was given as the cause by a
doctor. '

s

" New York’s ugliest girli and thandsomest
man participated in.the grand march at the
prmtlng trades ball, at Madison Square Gar-
den, in New York, Saturday night. Ruth
Rogers was proud both of her designation as
well as of Huntly Gordon, a;popular . motion-
- picture actor, who was her partner.

. S

A pink shirt that glowed in:thex darkness
and jumped into a clinch worked the: undoing
of a burglar when he paid a midnight.visit to
the store of Ernesto Bruno, in < New York,
last Saturday night. Bruno:saw:. the. pink
glow as he entered the " store. ta: telephane.
The wearer, a negro, was arrested.

o ; i
Clarence White Eagle, Comanché:Indian,
is in Chicago at the end'of a 13,000-mile walk,

for which he said he was to receive' $10,000,
but he was unable te find the men who were

to pay him the money. ‘He left Chicago. Oc-:

tober 16, 1915, walked to New Y.ork, ..thence
to San Francisco and” back to Chicago... He~
has worn out thirty-five ‘pairs of. shoes on the
journey. :

2

" More than 600 witnesses hav’eﬁa'beehv'. sum-

moned to appear before the grand jury -as a:

result of what the authorities: claim to be
unusual activity on the part of . beot-leggers
in Kanawha County, W. Va.
alleged violators of the Yost prohibition law
have been held by the Charleston police court
to await the action of the grand jury, while.
nearly as many more are being held .under
bonds given in Magistrates’.courts. .

John J. N. King, ‘an attorney,” ~and ' Miss’
Florence M. Tuplin were married at Jamaica
recently as the resultof a mistletoe romance
of New Year’s Day, 1915. Miss Tliplin VOW-
ed she’d wed the first man to. pasq under

a spray over her front door. ' King was the
man, but an ~aged widower leaning heavﬂy
on a cane was shied away by the «young wo-
man’s parents, who had been: let: into . “the
secret only a few minutes before. ' ;

.One hundred:

. -gentleman.

CHEERING SOME<ONE ON

- Don’t you mind about the’triumphs,
‘Don’t you . worry after.fame; .
Don’t you grieve about succeeding, -

- Let the future guard your name.
All the best in life’s the simplest,
Love will last when wealth is gone;

.. Just be glad that you are living,

1 And keep cheering:some. one. on. ,
Let your neighbors have the blossoms;

. Let your comrades wear the. crown;

-Never mind the little set-backs
‘Nor the blows that kn'ock you down.
You’ll be there when’they’fre forgotten,”

- You’ll be glad with youth 'and dawn,

- If you just forgetiyour troubles

- +And keep cheering some one'on.

0

.. There’s a lot of sorrow round you,
Lots of lonesomeness and tears;

‘ Lots 6f heartache and of worry
Through the shadow of the years.
.And the world needs more thantriumphs;

'_More than all the swords we’ve drawn,
Itis hungering for the fellow
Who keeps cheering others on. -

t

. Let the wind around you whistle,
And the storms around you play;
You’ll be there Wlth brawn and gristle:
When the conquerors decay,
You’ll be here in memories sweetened

. In the souls you’ve saved from pawn .

_ If you put aside the victories
. And keep cheering some one on.
ok — Baltimore Sun.
THE DRUIDS

The Druids Wefe evidently:of very great an-
tiquity,. for there can not be much'doubt that

it was one of their customs that Virgil had: in

mind when he wrote-in the “‘Zneid,’” wvi, 142,
that the ‘‘only means of access for a- living
.mortal to the world of spirits was the. carry-
ing of a‘golden twig. which grew in a dark
and thick grove.’’. The resemblance of ‘the
story to-the Druidical riteds perfect.
Druids practised their rites in dark groves.
If a'mistletoe was discovered growing upon
an oak aspriest severed it with a knife,
a festival was held under the: tree at which
two milk white bulls were offered as: a sac-

rifice to the sun:god, and mistletoe, from its'

pale greenish yellow tint, was regarded as a
kind of vegetable gold and accordingly-looked
upon as being a fit offering ‘to the sun.

AMERICAN CITI?ENS

e practlse there is: no %uch t;hlng asiia

citizen of the United States.”’ Sueh “‘citizen’’
is about as mythical as the mermald In or-
“der. to vate, for instance, one must bring his
citizenship down to the concrete and become
a citizen of New York, or of some one of the
other states.. You can not vote in New York
unless you are a cmzen of New York and
//// - The
‘citizen of therUmted States” is a very vague

" iSamuel—
i. object to my marrying you?’’

;anything like ‘me;, he would.”’

« Now, why did he weep?”’

Th\el crowd,

and

. of money.:

'BORROWED MIRTH

- In‘view of the fdact that the Russians have

- taken so many towns and provinces, it cer-

tainly seems strange that the Mexicans have

been'unable to capture a lawless vilayet.
First Tommy~ ‘“The story in the _opera is

that she’s s going to be burnt allve

‘ Second Dltt0~“G01ng to be? It sounds as

if they d started on her already"’

1 . S %
Ned  ‘‘Seribner’s last book shows he doesn’t
think much of kings and queens.’
. Ted—“‘Just the same he has an eye outs for

«the royalties all the same.’

oS
‘Do you think " your father would

Sallie—*‘T ‘couldn’t say, Sammie. " If he’s

S

© ¥ “What made Jaggs so blue the other day?’’
" ..““He went to his private cupboard the oth-

er day and found his spirits were low.”’

3 Sunday-School Teacher. — “‘And the fether
of the prodigal son fell on: his neck and wep*.

Tommie Tuffnut.— ‘“‘Huh! I guess you’d

‘weepy too, if you fell gn your neck.’’

&

* Niece ™ “‘I‘do think you ‘are clever, Aunt,

. to be able to argue: Wlth the proieesor about

socmlogy
sAunt— “T've only ‘been conceahng my ig-
norance; ‘dear.’

Professor Bilks (gallantly) —‘‘Oh, no, MI*S
Knowless:« Quite the contrary, I assure you.’
~ “I’'m .a'true friend of. labor,
soap-box orator. ..

“‘By gosh B111 > came a voice from the
““that’s the first time I ever knowed
you two-was-acquainted.’’

‘‘Mister, I’'m a strangerin town. « I'm lost
and can’t find. my way to the depot.”’ ¢‘Bet-
ter settle’ right' here, friend,”” advised the
booster. “You:couldn’t locate in a better
place.’’ ‘

& shouted the

 American: TDuI‘lSt*~“SO your brother Went
to Ameriea?”’

_Peasant “‘Yes; an’ he was makin’ a mint
If he’d lived he’d be a gintleman
this 'day!”’ S : '

, | S i

Mrs. Styles = ““This paper says that in the
days of old Rome a woman’s character was
known by her dress. The toga was worn by
the men, "but the Stola was the raiment for
the womeri

Mr. Styles=—+And I suppose it was the cus-
tom for the'wife to have half a dozen stolas

. 1to the old-man’s:one toga.’’
