---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_188.jpg
---
4

HONOR CLUB NOTES

If every one who helped in the entertain-
ment given by the Honor and Friendship
Club in the amusement hall on Saturday, No-
vember 11, were given the praise they de-
serve, it would be a continuous performance
of expressions of gratitude.

The Warden comes first, as it is his broad-
minded policy that makes possible, by his
sanction, the diversion that comes with these
performances.and pictures.

With the view-point in the mind of the av-
erage citizen, that the convict is a type unto
himself, with reeceding forehead, furtive look,
jowled, and ready with little or no provoca-
tion to rob or kill—a man willing to defend
and humanize this convict and by methods
that are experimental and appear impracti-
cable, endeavors to prove his theory a fact.
This, then, is a man, and entitled to the
gratitude of all convicts, both individual and
in a body. The fact that we respect our priv-
ilege is sufficient to insure future privileges.
Got it? :

We of the 1st Section were there Satur-
day—every one of us; and Professor Wie-
gandt handled the baton with his accustomed
skill.

Mr. Kraupa and his son Herbert searched
nis archives for the very best film he has
and produced ‘‘The Captive God.”’

The boys attended every change in silence
until ‘‘Mexi-some-one’’ got into a mix-up
with Tommy Bushwa, the captive god, and
Tommy took an armhold on. ‘‘Mex,’’ old
boy, gave a hump of his shoulders, and did
an aero toboggan into the atmosphere. Then
the applause stuff came out. No movie will
encore.

Our Vice-President (A 8432) had a good
thing up his sleeve for us, and after he had
opened with a few chosen remarks, which
meant ‘‘Be decent, boys, and be happy,’” h:
announced ‘‘The Sweet Melody Quartette’
(four inmartes), and maybe they didn’t de-
liver the goods! In costimes made by them-
selves, representing four kids the like of
which you will see at any time on the byways
of a large city, they opened a_crap game to
introduce their song. Their alert lookout for
the ‘“Big Cop’’ and the chink of the coin
gave it a reality that said they have been
there before. :

B 7867 did the lead (both insong and dice),
“while B 8252, 7825, and 7655 made the chorus
and the mellow harmony. Aside from this
the acting was fine. Keep atit, boys; there’s
a place for you on some stage ‘“‘if your ‘bit’
ain’t too big.”” Miss Mae Russell, of the
Kline Booking Company, would place you if
you were out. Miss Russell has opened the
Palace Theater in Norristown, and she can
use good talent. : ; e

Speaking of talent, what do you think of
the Drennen Sisters, musical stars? Is that
toe dancing the real thing? Try a stunt at it
after pot pie and see how far you get. ;

Wasn’t that kind in Miss Drennen giving

THE UMPIRE

us one more song after the show was about
over and her selection, ‘“The Daughter of
Mother Macree?’”’ It warms your heart to
hear such songs by such dainty artists. Three
complete changes of costume too! Say, boys,
are they entitled to every drop of gratitude
we have? If some one says no, kick him;
don’t be afraid; he won’t come back. Kick
him hard! ]

Not all of our thanks are gone; some must
go to Clarke and Leland. Which of the three
costumes did you consider the best, and what
did you think of the Hebrew’s version of
‘The River Shannon?’’ Billy Haskins says
he can sing his version of it. Maybe he can.
Me to the bake-house when he starts.

Here comes the laugh producer, and then
we must go home. Why not stop the clock
and say it’s only three o’clock? Oh, well;
we’ll meet them again, ‘‘Pills of Peril’’ was
the ‘“‘laugh”’ this week—a Triangle Keystone
product. It served to send the boys home
happy.

The Warden proved himself a humanitarian.
When every one was stiff from sitting at at-
tention, he suddenly arose and said, ‘‘Stand
up and stretch yourselves.”” You bet every
one stood and stretched. That human _inter-
est is what counts. Miss Mae Russell is an
honorary member of the H. F. C., wears a
button too; Mr Kraupa too. :

A vote of thanks to Miss Mae Russell, the
Dennen Sisters, Clarke and Leland, and Mr.
Kraupa and his son Herbert. I move a com-
mittee go hunt Sam and ask him, Why? but
some one saw him in good company again.
This is the week we boom the Xmas Kiddie
Fund. A dime will purchase a smile, two
bits a grin, and four bits a laugh from some
kiddie who watches at the chimney for *‘Old
Chris.”” Buy a laugh, and lose a grouch.

Next Saturday, November 18th, 1916, the
2nd Section goes out as follows: 8 B,10 B,
11B. i2B1,G 2, 2nd1B,6G. 6B, -

' — B 75)2.

B 5902-7651, Rep. Dals.

CHILDREN’S CHRISTMAS FUND

Previously acknowledged. $75.40.

Additional Contributions

Contribution of $2.00 B 8361.
Contributions of 50¢ B 5625 6622.
Contrioutions of 25¢ B 7758 6411 8023
7402 8088 7403 6960 7830 8148 7630 8285
6229 6889 7783 8116 7631 7416 7383.
Contribution of 20¢ B 6089.
Contributions of 15¢ B 7181 8182.
Contributions of 10¢ B 5383 7579 6944
7799 8382 8176 6401 4843 5449 5775 8325
6060 7090 8180 8132 6451 7522 5074 8140
5361 6680 6892 7996 8410 7399 6758 7425
7363 7667 6952. ; '
Contributions of .05¢ B 8282 8011 6258
7668 6722 8326 7998. J ,
Total—$12.30. Grand Total—$87.70.

5309
8036

8098
7241
5958
6573

7108

Rl S i L
He who lives well is the best preacher.—
Cervantes.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block.- (sl

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. ki

FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies made of
Germantown wool, 4-fold $2.50 up; tidies 75¢
up. B 6343,2nd Gallery, 12th Block.

FOR SALE—Edison phogograph, in good
condition, with 5 dozen 2 and 4 minute rec-
ords. Price reasonable. B 6921, 5th Gallery.

FOR SALE;Guitar, in ﬁrst—éi;ss condition,
worth $5.00; will sell for $2.00. B 6601, 4th
Block. (44)

FOR SALE—Fancy hand-painted trays, pho-
to enlargements in crayon, water color or oil;
also oil paintings. Prices reasonable. B
6329, 8th Block. . (42)

POST-CARDS—The fancy cut kind, by B

75662, 6th Blocck; 5 for 25c. (46)

FOR SALE—Four razors at a very reasona-
ble price. B 7623, 6th Gallery. (46)

FOR SALE—Fancy hand-painted post-cards,
5¢ and 10c each; also picture frames for Lo-
rillard enlargements and other frames. B
5099, 8th Block. (42)

FOR SALE—Plain or fancy paper boxes
made to order, in large or small quantities.
Quallty and workmanship excellent. B 1000,
Cr. UMPIRE.

FOR SALE-—Ladies’ fine hand painted silka-
tine hand-bags in various colors; suitable for
a present or Christmas gift. Prices reason-
able. B 7647, 7th Block. (44)

FOR SALE——One set of orchestra bells (3

octaves) $1.00; one Maelzel Metronome, $1.50.
B 6294, 1st Block. § (44)

FOR SALE- Toy. ducks, lifelikelond i s
strong. B 6563, 5th Gallery. (44)

- FOR SAI:E—Boys’ neatly made wheelbar-

rows. B6775,. 5th Gallery. (44)

WANTED—Good second-hand back-saw and
block plane; must be cheap and in good con-
dition. B 8082, 5th Block. 47)

FOR SALE—Crayon and cartoon paper, Cost
$4!00 Pantograph, ruler and straight edge,
$1.75; sell all for $3.00, B 7742 12th Block,
1st Gallery. (47)

FOR SALE—Slnglng éanary, 2 brass cages,
3 breeding cages; 1 mandolin; selling out
cheap. B 7040, 4th Block. . 47

FOR SAiLE—'i‘v;entyvVlctor records in good-
condition; only $6.00. B 7648, 7th Gallery. (47)

i“OIi SAL.IE‘——Fanrc;; vhandbags, tidies; Dbest
Germantown wool; prices reasonable. B 7566,
5th Gallery. (47)

LOST—A canarv bird. If found please re-
turn to B 7451, 7th Block. 47)

FOR SALE—Toy ducks; inlaid boxes, and
mission furniture to order; first-class work.
B 7784, 5th Gallery. 47 .

FOR SALE— Well-made inlaid boxes; aiso
guitar and mandolin. B 6523, 7th Block.

