---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_189.jpg
---
———_—_—_—_——
Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment
Of its Readers.

VOL. V
GREAT SHIPYARD COMBINE
OVER 400 NOW BUILDING

Use 2500 More Men—Plants
Extensively Enlarged

to be

It isreported by reliable authorities that all
the properties of the New York Shipbuilding
Company have been bought by the American
International Corporation, in association with
the International Mercantile Marine Company.

Over four hundred steel merchant vessels
were building or under contract in private
American shipyards on November 1, as shown
by reports received by the Bureau of Naviga-
tion. Of this number 188 are being built on
the Delaware River, which has become the

“shipbuilding center of the United States and
exceeds the Clyde in present activity.

The aggregate tonnage of these vessels is
1,479,946 gross tons, which represents an in-
crease of 25,676 tons over the returns made
on October 1. In the month of October Amer-
ican shipyards finished seventeen steel ves-
sels of 52,491 tons and made new contracts
for seventeen others.

The Delaware River’s capacity for turnlng
out naval and merchant vessels is to be fur-
ther increased as a result of the purchase of
New York Shipbuilding Company, of Camden,
by the American International Corporation,
the International Mercantile Marine Com-
pany and W. R. Grace & Company. Not only
will the deal increase the prestige of this river
for shipbuilding, but it is believed it will be
advantageous to Philadelphia in gaining South
Americanbusiness, as the National City Bank,
of New York, which is behind the -Interna-
tional Corporation, has branches to South
America to facilitate credits, and W. R.
Grace & Company operate a large fleet of
steamships to South America.

Just about the beginning of the European
war the National City Bank, of New York,
realized that the United States were not get-
ting its share of the South American busi-
ness. After studying the situation it was de-
cided this was because of the lack of credits.

- This company then established three branches
in South America, one in Montevideo, one in

Buenos Aires and another in Rio de Janeiro.

Further to increase American trade and give

American business men better chances with

foreign competitors, the National City Bank,
" with other financial institutions, formed the
American International Corporation, which is
said to be one of the most formidable trade
agencies in the world.

-The plant of the New York Shipbuilding
Company has been pronounced by experts to
be one of the largest and most scientifically
planned in the world.

/

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, November 22, 1916

VILLA’S OUTLAWS CONTINUE
OUTRAGES IN MEXICO

Entire Mining Camp Wiped Out—Vie-
tims Include Americans, Germans and
French—Situation Very Serious

Washington authorities are very much per-
turbed over recent reports from El Paso,
Texas, which tend to confirm the previous
accounts of the killing of Americans by Villa’s
bandits.

From a Chinese refugee recently arrived
from Parral, United States Government agents
here (El Paso) received a report that all for-
eigners remaining in Parral, exclusive of the
five known to have arrived at Culican Sinalao,
had been killed by the Villa bandits.

The Chinese refugee said those killed in-
cluded the American, German, Chinese, He-
brew, French and Arab residents of the min-
ing camp. He also said a brother-in-law of
Theodore Hoemuller, at Jiminez, had received
confirmation of the killing of Hoemuller, a
German subject, and his family in Parral.
The Chinese refugee added that -the general
belief in Jiminez was that Edgar Kock, Ger-
man Consular Agent in Parral, had been
killed at Santa Rosalia.

United States Governmeqt representatives
here have also received virtually the same
report from a Chinese refugee who arrived
in Juarez Thursday night. These reports
agree that Villa and his bandits, after occu-
pying the mining town, ordered the foreigners
killed, looted the stores, arrested many of
the natives and held them for ransom, and
committed other depredatiors.

The Chinese refugee, who arrived last
night, said that at least twenty Chinese had
been killed in Parral and that fifteen Arabs,
Hebrews and Syrians had been put to death.
He did not know the number of other for-
eigners killed, although he said another Chi-
nese who fled from Parral had to!d him in
Jiminez that ‘‘all the foreigners had been
put to death.”’

A late report from Washlngton anncunces
that although a despatch from Atlantic City
stated that Secretary Lane would ask Presi-
dent Wilson to say the final word in the Mex-
ican controversy, no engagement has been
made at the White House for such a confer-
ence. The President was out of the city
Monday, but he and Secretary Lane will dis-
cuss the developments of the Atlantic City
parleys and the latest happenings elsewhere
Tuesday evening.

$6,000,000 is to be expended for improve-
ments at the Philadelphia Navy Yard.

Fdlted and Prmted
By Inmates of the F-St P
3 Philadelphia, Pa.

NO. 48
INSIDE JINGLES

Don’t forget to do your Christmas shopping
early.

A man may have a thousand wives and yet
can find another.

Every cloud has a silver lining. Even the
jail has its outside.

McCluskey’s one-eyed goat got into trouble
last week. That goat must have been a
burro.

Wanted—500 men to learn barbering trade.
Apply ‘‘Chester,”’ pupil of the famous Pro-
fessor Moler. Next!

““Slim,”’ the electrician, took exception to
our remarks concering the bunch of Edisonites
who invaded the print-shop to install some
lights. His idea of an invasion is that of a
raid on a crap game.

Joe, the mail-man, asksthe inmates tohave
all mail addressed to them bear their reg-
ister number on the envelope. You under-
stand that in this way your money will not
go astray.

Nat M. Wills, the great comedian, paid a
visit to the institution last week. On being
presented with some ginger cakes he made
the remark, ‘““Ah, I can use these jumbo
teasers in my juggling act.’’

Good-luck to you, Nat.

Some of us here are in certain respects
like the lilies of the fields. We toil not,
neither do we spin. But unlike the afore-
mentioned lily, neither do we beautify our

surroundings. ‘‘There’s something rotten in
Denmark.’’
A “‘silencer’ for firearms is already an es-

tablished fact.

Some genius should next apply himself to
the development of a ‘‘silencer’’ for brass
horns, so that the suffering public need not
listen to their braying, with some aspiring
young horn-blower as wind-director.

Alas and Alack! O tempore! O mores!
Sic semper, tyrannis, etc. The powers that
be have decided that the convict thrives best
on soup, beans, and fish. Therefore it has
been decided that the three graces shall be
thrown at his unprotesting head, figuratively
speaking (and sometimes literally), for an in-
determinate time or as Shakespeare aptly
expresses it ‘‘a Cycle of Cathay 2 ;
