---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_190.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned. 5

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413:

Philadelphia, November 22, 1916

Editor.

Minds of moderate character ordinarily con-
demm everything that is beyond their range.

SELF-DISCIPLINE

‘According to the opinion of Dr. Frank
Crane, the one thing most needed by ‘‘us hu-
mans’’ is discipline, bitter though it may be.

Continuing the subject he says that ‘it is
well to have force, genius, vigor, enthusiasm,
power; but you may have them and be a
criminal, a maniac, or a cad; you become
great only when you add self-control.

‘““You may attain to the true aristocracy of
the world. These are overcomers. These are
they who have passed through the cleansing
fire. These are they who rule their own
stormy passion, their own mighty ambitions
and boundless longing, with a will of tempered
steel.

““And these are the beloved. You know
them in every walk of life you have met
them, soldiers of the light, the old guard of
the best things of humanity.

‘“How, then, can I learn the art of self-
mastery? you ask. Ilere are a few suggestions:

““First, it-ceomes only by practise. You
must learn it as you would learn to play a
violin. It is a matter of patience and per-
- sistence. And surely if you are willing to
exercise to develop your muscles, you ought
to be willing to exercise to develop your char-
acter, your power to enjoy yourself and your
ability to be a source of happiness to others.
Don’t make a resolution. Just begin doing
it. Whenever you have a conviction, when-
ever your reason points out a certain thing
to do, do it at once.

‘““Then, when you see clearly what you
ought to do, do. it cheerfully. Don’t pity
yourself. Don’t advertise your virtue.

““Don’t wrestle; fight, and pray. The es-
sential element of a strong personality is
quiet power. Those who fight are weak. Do
what you have to do, dismiss the matter, and
go ahead.

‘“The first of all insurance policies, to in-
sure one’s self maximum of happiness and effi-
ciency is to learn how to make one’s self what
he knows he ought to do, yet what he hates
to do, and to learn this smoothly, without
struggle or self-torture. Without that, life
is sure to turn bitter.

THE UMPIRE

‘“The contented people are those who have
themselves in hand. The gratification of de-
sire is an endless task. It is like attempting
to fill the bottomless pit with water from a
tin cup.

‘‘But the control of desire is a sure road to
a full and joyous life. The man who has dis-
ciplined himself can be happy whether poor
or rich. He is the master of the world, not
slave.

“Your vision must be clear. You must see
plainly that to let your desires master you
means self-contempt and degradation. And
you must learn whenever you have command-

‘ed the fierce waves of passion to be still,

when you have resisted the storm of fierce
and evil longing, and the waves and winds
have subsided, baffled by your strength, you
must learn then to laugh in pride, to realize
how good it is to be a man.

‘“You know them, the real men of the
world, a real gentleman not by heredity of
endowment, not by display or cheap vanity,
but by the open, free, happy, strong life that
comes from self-discipline constantly ex-
erted.”’

AS TO PROBLEMS AHEAD
Summing up the after election situation

in reference to ‘‘problems ahead,’”’ the St.-

Louis Globe-Democrat says that President
Wilson willhave to face ‘‘many problems
which can not be postponed  for four years.
Something must be definitely done about the
Mexican mess. The trainmen wage ques-
tion must be settled. All the vexatious con-
troversies. with the European belligerents
must be somehow settled. We have dip-
lomatic troubles with Japan, Russia and Co-
lombia. The Danish West Indies deal is in
suspense. The problem of foreign trade re-
mains for solution.

““The President is committed to the Webb
bill, which would exempt the foreign trade
of our corporations from the harsh restrie-
tions of the Sherman act. We believe that
its enactment is essential to successful Amer-
ican competition in foreign trade. Some of the
hasty legislation of the last Congress must
be perfected. The Reserve Act must be
modified, to eliminate the dangers Mr. War-
burg has pointed out. Then there is the duty
of surpassing importance—economic prepar-
edness of the United States for the terrific
trade struggle following the European war.”’

THE EIGHT-HOUR DAY

The editor of the Cleveland News scouts
the idea that President Wilson ‘‘gave us the
eight-hour day’’ and says:

*‘Gave who the eight-hour day? What kind
of an eight-hour day? Four hundred thou-
sand trainmen—the highest paid branches of
the service—are to get ten hours’ pay for
eight hours’ work, under the Adamson bill.
They do not get an eight-hour day; there was
no intention that the bill should provide for
an eight-hour day. And 1,400,000 other rail-
way employes whose average pay is around

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

$2.80 a day get nothing. Everybody favors a
real eight-hour day wherever it is practica-
ble. Why did Wilson hand labor this Adam-
son ‘gold brick’ at the point of a shotgun and
then try to set up that it is an eight-hour
day? Labor ‘bunked again,’ that’s all.”’

THE FIRST TEST

Apparently the first test of the validity of
the so-called eight-hour law is to come
through the suit begun in the Federal Court
at Omaha by the Union Pacific Railroad, says
the Rochester Post-Dispatch.

‘“The company says that the law is uncon-
stitutional because it is not a proper regula-
tion of inter-state commerce and because it
violates the amendment to the Constitution
of the United States which provides that
private property shall not be taken for pub-
lic use without just compensation. Another
complaint is that the law is unworkable un-
der the present system of train operation.
The sooner the questions at issue are settled
the better ”’

OUR ELECTORAL WEAKNESS

The Louisville Courier-Journal does not
think well of our electoral system and says:

‘““That if in the face of a storm of unexam-
pled fury the passengers on an ocean liner
should seize the ship and at the height of the
tempest change the captain on the bridge—re-
placing a veteran with anovice—would it not
seem a species of insanity as well as a sure
aggravation of danger? The weakness of our
electoral system is illustrated by such a possi-
bility in what may be called our political
navigation. At no juncture of our national
history has party spirit shown itself so unre-
flecting—shall we not say so unpatriotic—as
seriously to contemplate an act so fraught
with peril to the State.”’

VOLCANO ACTIVE AGAIN

A report from Redding, Cal., announces
that Lassen Peak began belching black balls
of smoke at intervals of five to ten minutes.
Those who have watched the mountain since
it awoke out of a fifty-year torpor in May,
1914, expressed the opinion that the Peak’s
crater is a bubbling cauldron of lava.

The most violent eruption of the year took
place Saturday afternoon, according to ac-

counts from obbervers present at the Peak at
that time.
