---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_191.jpg
---
e eeeeeeeeeeeee————
THE STREAM THAT IS NEVER CROSSED

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

From New Egypt, N. J., to New York City
in seven years is the record made by a post-
card which reached Miss Selma Krauss. 1t
was mailed August 25, 1909, and was signed
by ‘““Minnie.’’ Selma has forgotten who ‘‘Min-
nie’’ was.

S
Mrs. Mary O’Leary, of East St. Louis, Mo.,
who went to the polls Tuesday and voted for
President Wilson, twenty-four hours later be.
came the mother of a twelve-pound boy,
which has been named Woodrow.

S

A reward is offered for the return to the
Hotel Majestic, New York, of the hotel reg-
ister on which is inscribed the autograph of
Sarah Bernhardt. The management had
planned to frame the page, but an unknown
vandal souvenir hunter was forehanded enough
to take it away.

S

A buck deer weighing 170 pounds calmly
walked across the road in front of Game
Warden Fred Conner recently as he was
stalking the Cumberland, N. J., woods fop
game-law violators. There’s venison steak
hanging in the Conner pantry today.

S

Beatrice Bannister, of Glouchester City, N.
J., will “dry the dishes’’ in the Bannister
home until January 1, just because she, in
the faith that Hughes would be elected, made
a bet with her brother. Alfred, the brother,
staked Wilson as his bulwark against the
after-dinner grind, and won.

B

Members of the family of Raffaele Volgarino,
of Mount Holly, N. J., are breathing easier
than they have since election day. Not be-
ceuse Volgarino had made any election bets,
but because the Vclgarino twins, born Sun-
day, awaited the names of the successful can-
didate and his wife. Now it’s settled.

S

Upon reading that President Wilson had
been re-elected, Martin Schilling, foreman of
a silk mill in Altoona, became violently insane.
Schilling is an inventor of knitting machinery
and has applied himself so closely as to be-
come melancholy. He says continually in his
mutterings, ‘““Ruin faces America, the Dem-
ocrats have won.”’

S

Elizabeth A. Sweet died in the Rhode Island
Hospital, at Providence, after she had been
found almost starved in her home. The cus-
todian of her estate was told that Mrs. Sweet
had lived for four years on $60, dividends
from stock shares. The bottom of a hair-
cloth chair was cut and two bankbooks, rep-
resenting deposits aggregating $11,000, ten
shares of stock worth at least $1000 and bills
and gold amounting to $70 fell to the floor.

THE UMPIRE

There’s many a sorrow and pain, I know,
As we tread the path of life;

There’s many a grief and lasting woe:
And the way is toil and strife.

But the hardest load we have to bear
Is the labor and strength that’s lost

In building the bridge with toilsome care
O’er the stream that is never crossed.

We have fretting and worry from morn
till night,

And anguish weighs on the heart;
The thorny way seems hard to right,

And life is a bitter part.
But there is a burden greater yet,

*Much peace of soul it has cost,
It is building a bridge with toil and sweat

O’er the stream that is never crossed.

There’s looking for crossings all the day,
And searching along the shore

For a bridge or ford along the way
We shall never travel o’er.

There’s sighing for useless toys in vain,
And dreaming of chances lost;

But ’tis hardest to brldge Wlth might and
‘  main
The stream that is never crossed.

Then gather the roses along the way,
And treasure the fragrance rare;

Rejoice in the bright and joyous day,
Refusing to borrow care.

For sorrow and pain will surely come,
And your soul be tried and tossed;

But don’t be bridging to reach your home
O’er the stream that is never crossed.

—Author Unknown.

MAKE YOURSELF A MAN

When the boy Garfield was asked what he
was going to be, he replied: ‘‘First of all, I
must make myself a man; if I do not succeed
in that, I can succeed in nothing.”” The fu-
ture President uttered wisdom worthy of any
sage. Diogones’ lantern search is continued
all over the world, and like him, the searchers
must often say, ‘‘I called for men, not pyg-
mies.”” I would therefore remind all readers

that the first requisite of all education and

training should be man-timber.

If a young man starts out with the fixed
determination that every statement he makes
shall be the exact truth; that every promise
he makes shall be redeemed to the letter;
that every appointment shall be kept with
the strictest faithfulness and with full regard
for other men’s time; if he holds his reputa-
tion as apriceless treasure, feels that theeyes
of the world are upon him, that he must not
deviate a hair’s breath from the truth and
right; if he takes such a stand at the outset,
he will, like many of our great merchants of
today, come to have almost unlimited credit
and the confidence of all; and will develop in-
to man-timber.

A sterling character will secure respect and
make its influence felt though its possessor
lacks culture, talent and property.—FEx.

3

BORROWED MIRTH

Effie— ‘“When you and Daddy was engaged
did you engage him or did he engage you?”’
S

‘“‘Say,’’ said the man as he entered the
clothing stere. “‘I bought this suit here less
than two weeks ago, and it is rusty-looking
already.”’

““Well,”” replied the clothing dealer, ‘I
guaranteed it to wear like iron; didn’t it?”’

S .

‘“There was a chap in here looking for you,
Smith. "’

‘““Was he tall or short?’’

“Both z

““What do you mean?’’

‘“‘He was a tall man, and he said he want-
ed to borrow a dollar.’’

S

‘‘Judging from the way old Mr. Gadson
tangoes, he doesn’t feel the weight of his
years much.’’

““No, and apparently he doesn’t feel the
weight of his sins, either.”’

&

“Is it absolutely necessary that I speak to
your father?’’ asked the wooer after the girl
of his heart had promised to be his.

‘““Why, of course. He is the head of the
family, you know.”’ '

‘It isn’t the head of the family I’'m afraid
of. It’s the foot.”’

&

Mother (sternly to young married daughter)
— ‘‘Really, my dear, I am astonished at your
allowing Billy to attend that farewell supper
to Mr. Soakum. I understand it was a most
disgraceful affair.”’

Daughter (indignantly)—‘‘“Why, Mother,
how can you? I am quite sure it must have
been very sad. Billy distinctly told me the
men filled right up, and even the main speaker
of the evening was too full for utterance!”’

25

‘“‘Have you anything to say in your defense
before sentence is pronounced against you?’’
asked the Judge.

““Only one thing,’’ said the convicted bur-
glar. ‘“The only thing I have objected to in
this trial was being identified by a man that
kept his head under the bedelothes the whole
time I was in the room. That is not right at
Al

b

5

Traveler—“‘I say, what are you people so
proud about? Last time I came threugh here
everybody was very friendly, and now I can
hardly get a person to speak.’”” Uncle Eben
—‘““You’ll pardon us but it’s our town pride.
You see, Joe Simmons picked up a guide-
book that fell out of a motor-car last week
and we found that the old tannery swamp is
a mountain tarn, Simmons’ stone quarry a
precipice, Bill Moodler’s beer-house a way-
side inn, and the whole country is chock full
of historical antidotes and delusions.
