---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_192.jpg
---
/

4

-— ——

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Every one was waiting when the delegate
opened the doors, and without an Overseer in
sight, each squad marched orderly but happy
to the amusement hall, where Professor
Wiegandt and his finely trained inmate or-
chestra greeted them with the overture,
‘Poet and Peasant.”” When it was finished,
a burst of applause, spontaneous and hearty,
rung out, which proves that we know good
music, and appreciate the same.

That old mystery, ‘“Somebody says,’’ had
made the rumor that Mr. Kraupa had some-
thing up his sleeve Saturday, and when Ford
Sterling’s face was flashed on the screen we
sat up and took notice. A Keystone film,
‘““The Snow Cure,”” was what Sterling put
over, and it was one big laugh from ‘““A to
izzard.”” That was sure a ‘‘bear’’ of a bear,
and the way those cripples did a hop, skip,
and jump, proved that as a “‘cure,’’ “‘Mr.
Bear’’ plays the leader.

The inmate quartette then did their turn
and was just as good as ever.
has a sweet voice, and is well backed with B
8252, 7825 and 7656. Keep it, boys;.you heard
how the fellows applauded.

We don’t see anything much better than
Ada Merrick and Jack Irwin. Their kind of
stuff always appeals to us. Miss Merrick does

~ her singing and dancing in a manner that

leaves nothing to be desired, clean-cut and
graceful, while Jack Irwin was right at home
in that recitation. As young Kid Sharkey he
can demonstrate those upper-cuts and solar
plexus jolts, knowing that he ecan land the
punch himself if need be.

The audience remained very quiet and at-
tentive to his work, and at the last word
there was a silence for an instant, then the
applause burst forth.

Mr. Irwin must know that we enjoyed ev-
ery minute of his stay, and our thanks are
for Miss Merrick and Jack Irwin.

In costume then came Mr. Arthur Krona,
You vaudeville fans remember ‘‘Valvino.?”’
Mr. Krona has retired from the stage and
nothing but Miss Mae Russell’s influence
could have caused him to appear, but Miss
Russell’s arguments and his sympathy for us
prevailed, and we vote him a premier enter-
tainer. After his song he casually remarked,
“I’ll now give you an imitation of a juggler.”’
If he’s an imitation we don’t want to see the
imitated. We are content with ‘“Valvino,”’

Master William Porter then sang in a fine
voice, ‘‘Sunbeams.’’ Accompanied on the pi-
ano by Master Karl Wiegandt his voice rose
sweet and clear. The applause was so great,
that his voice, clear as a bell, pleased bis
hearers again.

Then came the mystery Mr. Kraupa had
up his sleeve. ‘‘“The Submarine Pirate’’ was
the title of this Keystone film. It is inter-
esting to know that this film is 4000 feet
long, in four reels, and each time it is shown
it costs $250 a day to rent it; also it will be
the last time it is to be shown on the screen,

B 7867 truly

THE UMPIRE

as it is withdrawn. Mr. Kraupa had it spec-
ial. Sent from Chicago for us. What do you
say to that? We must say, ‘“Thank you, Mr.
Kraupa; yes, and your son, also, for your in-
terest in ‘the boys on the hill’.”’

Doubtless, the holidays so near, it is hard
for Miss Russell to find talent to come here.
She is the only lady booking company in the
East, and as she keeps her performers busy
and manages the Palace Theater at Norris-
town, Pa., she makes great sacrifices for her
fellow-members of the H. F. C. Our thanks
are yours, Miss Russell.

The Warden was with us, and at just the
right moment out came the words, ‘‘Get up
and stretch, boys.”” We didn’t know we
wanted to stretch till he spoke, and then we
knew just how thoughtful it was in him and
how good it felt to just stretch.

Mrs. Reubin C. McKenty, with Miss Elsie
and Brother Bill and Robert, Jr., were pres-
ent, and Sam was again on the job with the
drum sticks. He came early and remained
late. Stick, Sam; we like you and want you
with us.

Mr. Dipple introduced goodfeeling with his
presence, and said that the boys he had on
parole were making good, and a man came to
him saying he would use a few more men
when he (Mr. Dipple) had them. I’ll go;
wo’n’t you?

Our Vice-President (A 8432) tried to make
his remarks brief, not to take up the time;
but, boys, we must follow his words if we
wantour privileges. Jack Irwin said he was
D. O.'G. H., but Pete don’t care. It don’t
bite.

Maybe Charlie (B 6252) didn’t pound out that
quick stuff, he’s there; I think, yes?

‘‘Battle Axe’’ B 7648 has finished, and we
have the nicest little theater in this old town
of Penn.

Ist Section Saturday, November 25, 5 G,
B, T G, 9:2 "4 B 4G5 B,

We need a few more contributions for the
Xmas Kiddie Fund. Loosen up, boys; you’ll
feel better for it.

—B 7542.

5601-7664.

CHILDREN’S CHRISTMAS FUND
Previously acknowledged. $87.70
Additional Contributions

A friend—$2.00 '

Prof. Wiegandt—$1.00

Contribution of $1.00— B 6873.

Contributions of 50/—B 8154 3649.

Contribution of 30¢—B 7140.

Contributions of 25¢—B 8169 7362 6088.

Contribution of 20¢—B 6157

Contribution of 15¢/—B 8424,

Contributions of 10¢— B 7934 7589 7961 7099
8161 8108.

Total—$12.30. Grand Total—$87.70.

The newly elected representative to Con-

gress from Montana, Miss Jeanette Rankin,

has received an offer of $1,000 per week to
appear in a new play soon to be staged.

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad” column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-bruspes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. ()

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. *%

FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies made of
Germantown wool, 4-fold $2.50 up; tidies 75c
up. B 6343,2nd Gallery, 12th Block.

FOR SAiE—Edison phor;ograph, 1n gsbd
condition, with 5 dozen 2 and 4 minute rec-
ords. Price reasonable. B 6921, 5th Gallery.

FOR SALE—Fancy hand-painted trays, pho-
to enlargements in crayon, water color or oil;
also oil paintings. Prices reasonable. B
6329, 8th Block. (42)

POST-CARDS—The fancy cut kind, by B
7562, 6th Block; 5 for 25c. (46)

FOR SALE—Four razors at a very reasona-
ble price. B 7623, 6th Gallery. (46)

FOR SALE—Fancy hand-painted post-cards,
5c¢ and 10c each; also picture frames for Lo-
rillard enlargements and other frames. B
5099, 8th Block. (42)

FOR SALE—Plain or fancy paper boxes
made to order, in large or small quantities.
Quality and workmanship excellent. B 1000,
Cr. UMPIRE.

FOR SALE—Ladies’ fine hand painted silka-
tine hand-bags in various colors; suitable for

a present or Christmas gift. Prices reason-
able. B 7647, Tth Block. (44)

FOR SALE—One set of orchestra bells (3
octaves) $1.00; one Maelzel Metronome, $1.50.
B 6294, 1st Block. (44)

FOR SALE—Toy ducks, life-like and made
strong. B 6563, 5th Gallery. (44)

FOi% SALE—Boys’ neatly made wheelbar-
rows. B 6775, 5th Gallery. (44)

WANTEDeGobasecond-hand back-saw and
block plane; must be cheap and in good con-
dition. B 8082, 5th Block: (47)

FOR SALE—Crayon and cartoon paper, Cost
$4.00 Pantograph, ruler and straight edge,
$1.75; sell all for $3.00, B 7742 12th Block,
1st Gallery. (47)

FOR SKLE—éiirlgriﬂngicar;ér,s;, 2 brass ca;gr*'és,r
3 breeding cages; 1 mandolin; selling out
cheap. B 7040, 4th Block. (47)

FOR SALE— f‘a;cy g;in(i-baés,(tidies;r best
Germantown wool; prices reasonable. B 7566,
5th Gallery. (47)

FOR SAiEh_Vve;ry ‘Ir'earé(i)"néﬁlré; ‘necktie ma-
chine, 60 neckties; also 3 trays, 3 checker-

boards. B 6697, 8rd Block. (48)
FOR SALE—First-class condition, cornet,
guitar, and 3 scarfs. Cheap. B 5983, 6th
Gallery. (48)
