---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_193.jpg
---
v

Devoted to the

Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

OL. V

THE UMPIRE

. Philadelphia, November 29, 1916

—_— e

Edited and Printed

Phi'adelphia, Pa.

By Inmates of the E.S. P.

.

NO. 49

SACRED SONG SERVICE BY E. 5. P.
CHOIR AND ORCHESTRA

Before an admiring audience of visitors at
this institution on Sunday last, the E. S. P.
choir and orchestra, under the efficient leader-
ship of Prof. A.' F. Wiegandt, gave their
regular monthly song service on the Center.
The music and singing was exceptionally good,
and encores were numerous. Chaplain Jo-
seph Welch’s address to the inmates present
was most interesting and logical, the subject
being on ‘“The Power of Prayer as a Help
to Rehabilitate Man.’’

- U. S. Troops to be Withdrawn

from Mexico

It is reported that the American-Mexican

~ joint commission reachedan agreement to the

effect that the United States would withdraw
the expeditionary column under General

Pershing within the forty days after the form-.

al indorsement of the agreementby President
Wilson and General Carranza, provided condi-
tions in northern Mexico are such as to war-
rant such action.

Eight-Hour Law to be Rushed for Trial

With a desire to expedite action in the
United States Supreme Court on the Adam-
son eight-hour law, Attorney-General Greg-
ory approved an agreementreached Saturday
at Kansas City, between attorneys for the
Government and the railroads.

This agreement sweeps aside all preliminary

obstacles to a decision by this tribunal.

Brother of Dead Park Gangster Kills
Himself

After boasting in a barroom at Thirteenth
and Parrish streets Saturday afternoon that
he was ‘‘out gunning for Frigar,”” William
Boland, of Calumet street near Ridge Ave-
nue, Manayunk, turned away from the bar
and killed himself with a single shot fired in-
to his head with a revolver.

The suicide was a brother of Edward C.
Boland, whom Ellis D. Frigar shot and killed
on Neill Drive, Fairmount Park, while the
young engineer’s sweetheart sat huddled in
an automobile nearby. Frigar was released
on $10,000 bail by Judge Audenried on habeas
corpus proceedings.

Son to Return After 28 Years Absence

After a search for her son, extending more
than twenty-eight years, Mrs. Edward Ban-
ning, of Richmend, N. Y., will eat Christmas
dinner with him. A letter received by her from
Secretary of the Navy Daniels brought word
that the much-sought-for son was in the navy,
and that he would be granted a furlough.

fi

Gouprnny’s Thanksniving Proclamation
—.z@% S Bl

Not alone because it is a time-honored costum, but particularly for
the reason that a State, like an individual, should never forget the supreme
source of authority and the steady guidance of Almighty God, it is fitting
that we should set aside one entire day for thoughtful survey of our pro-

~_gress and our destiny.

Pennsylvania has abundant causes for gratitude to God. Save for a vis-
itation of suffering and of death to our children, which has now happily
passed, the people of this great State have been blessed with good health
and with abundant crops. We have nct wrought upon our soil in vain.
We have blended our resources and our toil into many forms of utility and
of enrichment of our people. Flood, fire and storm have been kept from
our borders. Accidents in our industries, still too frequent, have been re-
duced, and suffering for the first time humanely compensated. Our people
have passed into a day of rich humanitarian treatment. Our Government
has been steadily devoted to the holy task of serving our people with gifts
of health, happiness and prosperity.

In the bounty vouchsafed us let us not forget our needy citizens, not
even the stranger within our gates. Let them and those beyond our borders,
whose hearts turn our way, receive from us a goodly share of the good given
us by our Heavenly Father. A people that is not generous can not worthily
live in Pennsylvania. We must give gladly and generously if we are to
prosper permanently and patriotically. Let no unremembered child of Penn-
sylvania sit in sorrow on our Thanksgiving anniversary. Let us follow the
guidance of our hearts as well as our heads on this day of gratitude and of
generosity. 4

Above all else, take thought for Pennsylvania, our beloved Common-
wealth, and resolve to hold its welfare high in our purposes and to do our
part in making it, under God and His name, the cleanest, safest, sweetest
place in which to labor, to live, to serve. Reverently and gladly let us on
this day gather in our several places of Worship and publicly express our
gratitude that a protecting providence has kept us in peace, blessed us with
material and spiritual gifts, granted us unumbered favors and blessings
and given us abundant reasons for thankfulness and for offering sincere

supplications that we may continue to be a heaven-helped people.

That this may be done with a propriety worthy of our best traditions
and our great destiny, I, Martin Grove Brumbaugh, Governor of this Com.
monwealth, do set apart and designate Thursday, November 30, 1916, as
Thanksgiving Day. :

Given under my hand and the great seal of the State, at the city of
Harrisburg this eighteenth day of November, in the year of our Lord one
thousand nine hundred and sixteen and of the Commonwealth the one

hundred and forty-first.
A MARTIN G. BRUMBAUGH.
By the Governor:

CYRUS E. WOODS, Secretary of the Commonwealth.

