---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_194.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Sl === ——————————
\ o

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to/the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7'4‘13:“ Editor.
Philadelphia, November 29, 1916

“A man never fulls so low as to be unable
to raise again.’’

— o
FAITH—A PRISON TALK

I believe that a man’s wrongs and griev-
ances, if they are really that, will always
get righted and compensated in the long run.

“In the long run’’ means, when it’s time
for them to be, when his character’s had all
the good, all the discipline, out of them that
they can then give him. For that’s the real
meaning of them.

That does not mean that he shall do nothing
to alter them or remove them. Ifa man
wants to go somewhere and comes across a
shut door, common sense will tell him to turn
- the handle. If the door then opens, all right.
But if he finds it locked, the opening is a
question of violence.

In the same way a man can turn the handle,
so to speak, of his wrongs and grievances. If
they give easily to him—well, it’s all right.
Their time is up. But if he finds they stick
there in front of him, can only be shoved
aside with great effort and then keep coming
back as before or in slightly altered shape,
or can only be got rid of by doing wrong—
then their time is not up and it’s much the
wiser to wait. For at present they belong to
the man, or he belongs to them. The thing
to do then is to look into yourself and find
out what sort of strenghening or corrective
work these unpleasantnesses or pains are
trying to do for your character. They are at
something; take that for granted. You’ll
find it sometime, sure: and when you have,
take a hand in the game and co-operate.
Get after the weak place on your own ac-
count.

This is what I call faith. And it’s founded
on experience, the experience of looking into
the wrongs and grievances I have had to putup
with and finding at last what they were at;
and the experience of feeling something in-
side me or above me, sort of say, when things
were at their worst: ‘‘It’s all right, my son;
I'll look after the thing.”” If I trusted that,
the trouble went by as quickly as it could
consistently with its duty to me. If I kicked,
tried to be forcing the lock, the trouble only
stuck the closer and stayed the longer, though
perhaps changing form a little.

And moreover, I lost something. For I’ve
long found out that if a trouble is taken the
way I say, if a man only tries to take it that
way, there’s compensations, easements, let-
ups for him of some sort scattered along the
way. Sometimes they’re so marked and
speaking-like that they hit a man right in
the bull’s-eye of his gratitude place (if he’s
got one) and almost bring the tears to his
eyes.

I tell you, boys, we’re looked after. Let’s
have faith and stand up like men to what
comes. We’ve got chances in here to be the
real thing, chances that men at ease outside
miss altogether. And that, if we took large
views of time and life and ourselves, would
itself be one of the compensations for the
being here. We’ve got time to think and
build. —The New Way. ’

A PERNICIOUS PRACTISE

Our legislative bodies are constantly enact-
ing laws for the punishment of those who
conspire against the welfare of society. If
they would transfer part of their activity to-
ward correction of the flagitious practise of
identification bureaus in scattering broadcast
over the land photographs of men about to
be released from prison, recidivism would be
materially reduced, and many of the first-
named laws would prove unnecessary.

A released prisoner obtains employment;
leads an honest life; a crime is committed in
the community in which he resides; he is ar-
rested and placed in jail; upon the proving of
his innocence he is released. His former em-
ployer refuses to reinstate him in the posi-
tion he held previous to arrest. With the de-
termination to make good, he secures another
position; but society through her represent-
atives of law, informs his employer of his
prison career, causing him to be again dis-
charged. In his vain attempt to lead an
honest life the stigma of his past acts is made
known through the machinations of the po-
lice, with the result that he is compelled by
the force of necessity to again follow the old
customs, to frequent the old haunts, to con-
sort with old friends and to fall under the
old temptations. Yet the fact of identifica-
tion and arrest by means of this photograph
system, which menaces the chances of the
man who wants to go straight, is known to
exist, and it should be the duty of society to
remedy these conditions by passing a law
forbidding this pernicious practise to con-
tinue. —Our View Point.

For every flaw in a man’s nature there
comes a time when he can will it away for-
ever. But the time will never come unless
he constantly tries to do so at times when
success seems impossible for him. In other
words, success is built on failures and the
way to heaven is paved with efforts which
seemed fruitless.—7The New Way.

The are times when we do not appreciate
the good intentions of our friends.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

CHANKSGINING

@he Yresident's Proclamation

It has long been the custom of our people to
turn, i the fruitful Autumn of the year, in
praise and thanksgiving to Almighty God for
His many blessings and mercies to us and
the nation.

The year that has elapsed since we last
observed our day of thanksgiving has been
rich vn blessings to us as a people, but the
whole face of the world has been darkened by
war. In the midst of our peace and hap-
piness  our thoughts dwell with parnful
disquiet upon the struggles and sufferings of
the mations at war and of the peoples upon
whom war has brought disaster, without
choice or possibility of escape on their part.
We can not think of our own happiness with-
out thinking of their pitiful distress.

Now, therefore, I, Woodrow Wilson, Presi-
dent of the United States of America, do ap-
point Thursday, the thirtieth of November,
as a day of national thanksgiving and prayer,
and wrge and advise the people to resort to
their several places of worship on that day
to render thanks to Almighty God Jor the
blessings of peace and unbroken prosperity
which he has bestowed wupon our beloved
country in such unstinted measure.

And I also urge and suggest our duty, in
this our day of peace and abundance, to think
wn deep sympathy of the stricken peoples of
the world, wpon whom the curse and terror
of war has so pitilessly Jallen, and to con-
tribute out of our abundant means to the re-
lief of their sufferings.

Our people could im mo better way show
their real attitude toward-the present strug-
gle of the nations than by contributing out of
their abundance to the relief of the suffering
which war has brought in its train.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and caused the seal of the United States
to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this 17th
day of November, in the year of our Lord
1916, and in the year of independence of the
United States the 1)1st.

WOODROW WILSON.
BY THE PRESIDENT,
ROBERT LANSING, Sec’y of State.

Before you give advice to some one else,
think whether you do not need to use it your-
self. :
