---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_195.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

w

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

The true Democracy League, in filing its
report in Columbus, O., admitted most of its
funds were supplied by Republicans. It spent
$3508 and returned $82 in stamps to Repub-
lican headquarters. ;

8

Two patrol wagons of Pittsburgh’s finest
dashed up to Samuel Rabonowitz’s home at
his midnight summons. ‘‘Py the cbhimney a
burglar iss,’” he excitedly informed his res-
cuers.
little owl.

S

A full-grown buck deer, followed by dogs,
leaped a wall at Piermont, N. Y., upset a
baby buggy and spilled its two-year-old occu-
pant into the mud, carried off a clothesline on
its antlers, plunged into the Hudson, and
swam to the Dobbs Ferry shore and escaped.

S

“Blind Mary’’ Curran has been deported
by Toledo police as ‘‘undesirable.”’” She has
~ been grinding a small hand orgen on street
corners. She is said to be worth $100,000
and had $265 in a salt bag hidden among her
rags when arrested.

g

There’s a Baltimore detective whose cellar
is piled high with coal that’s cost him noth-
ing. The Pennsylvania Railroad passes his
back yard. Firemen and brakemen, seeing a
monkey sitting on the fence, try their aim on
the animal with lumps of coal. It’s a wooden
monkey, SO—

§

After being sealed and supposedly barri-
caded from the outside air for nearly four
years for the purpose of extinguishing a fire,
surface indications in a coal mine at Corbin,
B. C., yesterday showed that the fire had not
exhausted itself, but was spreading under-
ground to an alarmingextent. Mine inspect-
ors with oxygen equipment will make an un-
derground examination of the mine.

2K

Love laughs at locksmiths and quarantines.
Prof. Frederick Barry, of Columbia Univer-
sity, wanted a marriage license, but he had
diphtheria. A license clerk went to the
Barry apartment and obtained answers to the
necessary questions through a keyhole. Then
he stood twenty feet down the corridor and
witnessed the signature of Barry and Miss
Ada B. Norris without violating the quaran-
tine regulations.

S

Imprudent hoboes with an eye for beauty
unregulated by a sense of gratitude will here-
after heed the warning to avoid the home of
the Rev. P. J. O’Neil at Clairton, Pa. Norah
Bloodgood is the buxom domestic who pre-
sides over the kitchen. Yesterday one John
Smith appealed for food. Norah gave unstint-
ingly. When he made a remark that Norah
resented she promptly knocked him down
with a rolling-pin. His skull was fractured,
probably fatally.

They smoked out a poor, shivering

CHANKSGINING DAY
By John Kendrick Bangs

For all the gracious gifts in harvest fair

In things material, whose goodly share
I richly prize;

For man’s abundant wealth that lies in

[sight,

And for the sense of power and of might

With which to meet a foe, and fight the
fight, my thanks arise.

But for the richer gift of Love and Peace

That bring the soul a sense of sweet release
From pressing care;

For mercy shown; for greater growth of

: [soul;

For light when clouds of deadly dark uprolj

To point the way to some more lofty goal,
And leads us there;

For broader human sympathy, for tears
Of Brotherhood to ease another’s fears,
And cheer his way;
For seeing eyes, and shoulders fit to bear
The burdens of our fellows in despair,
And right good-will to help them in their
[care
When times are gray;
For men of hearts and soul inclined
To honor of a lowlier, meeker kind,
With grace endued;
Who seek all dire injustices to mend,
To guide the hopeless to some hopeful end—
Not this alone, but all my days I spend
In gratitude!

When a man finds himself touched with fear
at the thought that he can not escape the con-
sequences of his deeds, he may remember
that this applies to tbe pleasant consequences
of good deeds as well as ‘to the painful con-
sequences of bad ones; that he canlearn little
by little, beginning with the smaller daily
happenings, to live on a level from which he
can look down with perfect equanimity and
indifference upon both pleasant and unpleas-
ant; and lasty, that from all circumstances,

_especially from painful ones, he can extract

material for his growth. Nature, which is

the sum-total of events everywhere, exists

for the evolution and progress of souls.
—The New Way.

MEXICO AND ENGLAND AT ODDS

Commenting on the Mexican situation, the
Toledo Blade remarks that it will be interest-
ing to watch the controversy developing be-
tween England and Mexico. It hasnot been the
English custom to admit that any nation with
which Britain may have a dispute might be
in the right. As a rule, politeness is not
wasted on a smaller or weaker people. In
this affair, it seems to us that consistency com-
pels this Government to stand on the side
lines. Having let Mexico know thatitcan go as
far as it Jikes in slitting American throats,
the Administration can not possibly inform
Great Britain that we will go to war if Brit-
ish warships proceed to blow a few Mexican
ports into kingdom come.

BORROWED MIRTH

Uglymug— “My wife was awfully near-
sighted when she married me.”’
Kutter— ‘‘She must have been.”’
S
- ““Will you be my wife?’’
‘““You must ask Mother first.”’
‘““Yes, but suppose she doesn’t refuse me?”’

S
““So your son’s in college, eh?
the midnight oil, I s’pose?’’
‘““Well—er—yes; but I’ve an idea—er—that
it’s gasoline.”’

Burning

S5
‘“‘How about that wedding check your
father-in-law gave you?’’ asked the friend.
‘“Was it good?”’
““Certainly,’” replied the benedict. ‘‘It’s
the unexpected that happens, you know.”’
S5
“I told Mr. Thickwitz that his baby looked
like him.
“Of course he was pleased.’’
“Immensely. He didn’t hear me add:
‘Poor little devil,” under my breath.’’

S &
Ike— ‘““Malloney is the most expensive
friend I have.’’
Dyke—‘‘Borrows money?”’
Ike—““No, but I’ve had to buy him four

wedding gifts, and three funeral bouquets.’’

5
Mrs. Blueblood—‘‘We dined al fresco last
evening. "’
Mrs. Newrich—“‘I think I’'ve met him
somewhere. Ishis first name Albert or Al-
fred?’’

S
The Girl—‘‘You say that Miss Padds and
Jack Pott are going to be married. Why, I
didn’t know they knew each other.”’
The Cynic— ‘“They don’t. That’s why they
are going to be married.”’

S

‘I understand Mr. Dubwaite has announced
for another office.’’

‘““He seems determined to keep running un-
til he gets one.”’

‘““Yes, but Mrs. Dubwaite says she is out of
patience.’’ :

“Why so?”’

“‘She says a man who has been running for
office as long and as hard as Mr. Dubwaite
has, ought to have something more to show for
it than a pile of unpaid printing bills.’’

S5

One day a keeper was out walking with a
number of harmless inmates of an insane
asylum, and the party met a pedestrian not
far from the railway tracks. With a nod to-
ward the tracks the traveler asked one of
the lunatics:

““Where does this railway go to?”’

The lunatic surveyed him scornfully for a
moment and thenreplied:

““Nowhere. We keep it here to run trains

e 13

on.
