---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_196.jpg
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES

Nearly eight hnndred men, all members of
the 1st Section H. F. C., crowded in the
amusement hall on Saturday. Some bunch,
that; but in all the great city of Philadelphia
there was not a more orderly gathering or
more decently behaved body of men to see a
performance. And ye, who were there must
admit it was ‘‘some’’ performance, and those
who were not there—well, don’t forget next
Saturday. Maybe you’ll have it on the 1st
Section. Who can tell? Mr. Kraupa remains
firm in his friendship and interest, while Miss
Mae Russell, bless her, continues to sacrifice
herself. Yes, and the Warden says ‘‘the
boys are doing all right, and as long as they
keep it up, depend upon it, I am with them.”’
That sounds good, don’t it?

We had a curtain-raiser in a film of slide
pictures to illustrate a song, ‘“Welcome Honey
to Your Old Plantation Ifome,’’ sung by Al
(B 7478) in a strong baritone, that called for
applause. Professor Wiegandt, with the in-
mate orchestra, rendered an overture that
was well received and applauded. Our Pres-
ident, Mr. Reuben C. McKenty, was other-
wise engaged, so the Vice-President (A 8432)
made a few introductory remarks, and then
the show was on. The film this week was
‘““The Apostle of Vengeance,’”” featuring
William S. Hart and Marvel Safford.

. There are many ways of demonstrating the

right overcoming the wrong. Some men ad-
vocate getting a man in a corner and just
punching him until he says ‘“You’re right.”’
That this is not Mr. Kraupa’s method is
shown by the selection of ‘‘The Apostle of
Vengeance.”” There was a subtle sermon
that just took hold of a man and every one
who saw the film was benefited in a manner
not realized now, but will some day ‘‘pop up.”’
Each man was carried with the story, and at
the human interest points (which were fre-
quent) a spontaneous applause burst forth,
that the author of the scenario and the play-
ers would have been pleased to hear.

Miss Mae Russell had another surprise for
us, ‘“The Madame Nordica of Vaudeville.’’
When a big, fine-looking blonde appeared we
all sat up and took notice. ‘‘Some swell,
ain’t she?”’ was heard from several. The
costume was good, the make-up better; but
superlative ‘‘best’” must be applied to the
singing. Two songs in a beautiful voice had
been sung and Miss Russell had insisted on
the third song being ‘“My Hero,”” when a
whisper went around ‘‘It’s a man.”” Our
club treasurer, George, heard it from Harry,
the representative delegate. Quick as a flash
he said, ‘‘Bet you half a pound she’s a wo-
man.’”’ As though answering the bet ‘‘Nor-
dica’’ finished ‘“‘My Hero,”” bowed, and tore
off his blonde tresses, disclosing the pleased

countenance of Mr. Adjon Haines, ‘“The Nor-
dica of Vaudeville,”” who had accepted Miss
Russell’s invitation, and although working at
Keith’s Theater and drawing a salary of
$200 a week, gave us the pleasure of his tal-
ent. Thanks, Mr. Haines.

THE UMPIRE

Bizzer and Wilson, a team of artists with
a classy singing and dancing turn, were fine.
Their clean-cut stuff—graceful and clever—
pleased every one. Every ounce of energy
was put in the effort, and we appreciate and
thank them.

“From Woolworth’s to Grand Opera; or,
the Success of Miss Florence Armstrong
Through the Efforts of Miss Mae Russell,”’
should be the title of the next act. We know
Miss Armstrong began in the five-and-ten-
cent store, but we predict that some day she
will be a star of the first magnitude. Her
act Saturday was pleasing and graceful. We
want no better. Thanks, Miss Armstrong.

Here comes ‘‘Fatty’’ Arbuckle and the
““Waiters’ Ball,”” a Keystone production. I
heard B 8099, the official Club stenographer
and typist, say, ‘“Why, that’s Nick, down in
the Bertillon room.’” You’re wrong, Wal-
ter. Nick resembles Arbuckle, but you’ll
find Nick at the ‘“‘mug’ room. ‘‘Fatty’”’
was just as funny as ever; he can bring a
laugh out of a man with a grouch, and when
he played ‘‘hoss and hoss’’ with the brooms
the boys just haw-hawed, and again when he
and the waiter were pinched with nothing
covering them but atmosphere and a barrel.
Tell us, Mr. Kraupa, how do you know our
tastes so well. Do you devote your nights
as well as your days to ‘‘the boys on the
hill’’?  Verily you must. Our thanks, Mr.
Kraupa and Hubert; we are your friends.

Our President, Mr. Reuben C. McKenty,
has returned, and he was with us. Mrs.
Reuben C. McKenty also honored us with her
presence.

Mr. and Mrs. Dipple, with two friends,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Snyder, formerly of
Strasburg, Pa., but now stationed with the
Brotherhood Mission in Philadelphia, were
interested spectators and enjoyed every min-
ute of their time.

The President takes this means of notify-
ing the members that extra or compliment-
ary tickets will not be given in future. Owing
to the crowded condition the management
must take this step.

Saturday, December 2, the 2nd Section,
10B,11B, 12 B, 12-2-12-1, 1B, 6 B, 6 G,
8 B will be out. — 15

B 5602, 7664, Rep. Dels.

CHILDREN’S CHRISTMAS FUND

Previously acknowledged.
Last week—$6.45.
Cancelled—25¢.

Additional Contributions
Mr. Dipple—$1.00
Mr. Herbert Kraupa—50¢
- Contribution of $1.15— B 6252
Contributions of $1.00 B 4431 6720
Contributions of 50¢ B 8365 7854
Contributions of 25¢ B 6172 8408 8426 8407

8016 8120 8411 7689.

Contributions of 10¢ B7695 5089 7512 8221
7756 7752 7510 4423 7766

Contributions of 5¢ 6506 7113.

Total—$8.65 Grand Total—$102.55

$87.70

_apiece.

THE UMPIRE <“AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-bruspes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. &%)

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. ko

FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies made of
Germantown wool, 4-fold $2.50 up; tidies 75c
up. B 6343,2nd Gallery, 12th Block.

FOR SALE— Edison phonograph, in good
condition, with 5 dozen 2 and 4 minute rec-
ords. Price reasonable. B 6921, 5th Gallery.

POST-CARDS—The fancy cut kind, by B
7562, 6th Block; 5 for 25c. (46)

FOR SALE—Four razors at a very reésona-
ble price. B 7623, 6th Gallery. (46)

FOR SALE—Plain or fancy paper boxes
made to order, in large or small quantities.
Quality and workmanship excellent. B 1000,
Cr. UMPIRE.

FOR SALE—Ladies’ fine hand painted silka-
tine hand-bags in various colors; suitable for
a present or Christmas gift. Prices reason-
able. B 7647, 7th Block. (44)

FOR SALE—Crayon and cartoon paper, Cost
$4.00 Pantograph, ruler and straight edge,
$1.75; sell all for $3.00, B 7742 12th Block,
1st Gallery. (47)

FOR SALE—Singing canary, 2 brass cages,
3 breeding cages; 1 mandolin; selling out
cheap. B 7040, 4th Block. (47)

FOR SALE—Fancy hand-bags, tidies; best
Germantown wool; prices reasonable. B 7566,

5th Gallery. (47)
LOST—A canary bird. If found please re-
turn to B 7451, 7th Block. (47)

FOR SALE—Toy ducks; inlaid boxes, and
mission furniture to order; first-class work.
B 7784, 5th Gallery. (47)

E‘OR SALE—Well-made inlaid boxes; also
guitar and mandolin. B 6523, 7th Block.

FOR S;‘;LE;Very reasonable, necktie ma-
chine, 60 neckties; also 3 trays, 3 checker-
boards. B 6697, 3rd Block. (48)

FOR SA-LE——First;élass conditién, cornet,
guitar, and 3 scarfs. Cheap. B 5983, 6th
Gallery. (48)
FOR SALE—Inlaid pin-cushions, 25 to 50¢
B 6294, 1st Block. (49)

FOR SALE—Alarm clock; practically new.
Will sell cheap. B 7940, 6th Block. (49)

FOR SALE—AIl kinds of inlay work at 5c a
foot; also inlaid serving-trays. Otto, B 7698,
7th Gallery. (49)

FOR SALE—New Wurlitzer guitar, first-
class condition, cost $8.00, sell for $6.00; also
Guitar Instructor, cost 75¢; Guitar Chord
Book, cost $1.00; new guitar tuner and gui-
tar pick; all for $6.50. B 6152, 8th Block. (49)

B
5099, 8th Block. (42)

FOR SALE;Boys’ neatly made wheelbar-
rows. B 6775, 5th Gallery. (44)

