---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_197.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

| THE UMPIRE

E dlted and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

VOL. V

Philadelphia, December 6, 1916

NO. 50

GRAND CONCERT OF SACRED
MUSIC BY ST. RITA’S
CHURCH CHOIR

By far the largest and most enthusiastic
audience ever assembled on the Center at
this institution, were present here on Sunday
afternoon last, to hear St. Rita’s Church
Choir and soloists give a Grand Concert of
Sacred and Classical musie, under the skilful
guidance of Director Joseph J. Welsh. In
order to secure greater volume of chorus, the
E. S. P. choir and orchestra were added and
proved effective.

The program was excellent in its selections
and consisted of twelve numbers, Loesch’s
““Gloria’’ leading, and made a splendid im-
pression as sang with full chorus and orches-
tra accompaniment.

The second number followed with Mr. John
Simpson, tenor soloist, singing in good voice,
with a wealth of expression. Sweet voiced
Margaret Marie Marshall rendered the so-
prano solo of ‘‘Inflammatus,”” by Rossini,
with consumate skill, and was cleverly sus-
tained by the chorus. Hearty applause fol-
lowed its completion.

Perhaps the crowning triumph of the event
was the very clever rendition of Millard’s
‘““Vespers,”” by St. Rita’s choir, with piano
accompaniment, Mr. James King, bass, and
Mrs. Catherine Slack, soprano, showing their
exceptional talent to splendid advantage, the
chorus adding to the repleteness of this
masterpiece.

A violin solo, ‘‘Humoresque,’”” was skil-
fully rendered by inmate B 4812; this was
followed in turn by inmate B 7962, singing
*‘Ava Varum’’ in a powerful and pleasing
baritone voice. Both received well merited
and hearty applause.

- The pleasurable effect of this splendid pro-
gram of high-class song was greatly enhanced
by the hearty spirit of co-operation of the
. visiting talent and the enthusiastic approba-
tion of the assembled guests. Clearly no
similar event has been the cause of so much
real enjoyment for all in attendance.

Much credit is due alike to St. Rita’s Church
Choir, the soloists and to the American So-
ciety for Visiting Catholic Prisoners, under
whose auspices the entertainment was given.
Their good work in behalf of the E. S. P. in-
mates will be long and favorably remembered
by the officials and men.

Chaplain Jeseph Welch beamed with appre-

- ciative enthusiasm, and at the close of the
entertainment he asked all present to remem-
ber in prayer their less fortunate brethren
atithe S B.

The President insists on speed of labor bills.

FOOTBALL GLORY
Invincibles, 18—Riley Club, 6

A great deal of interest was centered on
the football game that took place on the Gar-
age Grounds on Thanksgiving morning
between the Invincibles and the Riley Club
for the championship of ‘‘Kentyville.”’ The
Invincible’s crew were the victors by a score
of 18-6 after a hard fought contest.

The Riley Club was out for revenge to
make good the defeat handed them several
weeks agoby the Invincibles. They came fully
prepared to do the job, having the strongest
representative eleven they could get together,
including their famous line plunging Sheehan,
but they failed to accomplish their mission
and seemed very much depressed by their de-
feat. :

The Rileys were virtually outclassed from
start to finish, as they could not penetrate
their opponents’ line for any gains at all,
while the Invincibles crashed through the
Riley’s line for big gains repeatedly. Owing
to the playing space rot being regulation size,
very little ground could be gained via the ends
and the aerial route.

Toady and B 8344 were the individual stars
for the Riley Club, while the whole back-
field for the Invincibles did spectacular work.

The game was witnessed by a large crowd,
including the Warden. As the games up to
date have been free from disorder, and clean
ball has been played, let us look for some
more of these games hefore the snow flakes
fly.

Fine Model of Ship by Inmate

In these days of electricity, steam and the
gas-engine, it seems like an echo from the
past to hear of sailing ships, dependent upon
the uncertain winds alone to drive the vessel
over its course from port to port. Still, there
are a few of these old-time square-rigged
ships to be found here and there, mostly
much the worst for age and wear, to excite
the wonderment of the novice of today.

These thoughts were vividly brought to
mind recently on viewing an accurate model
of a full-rigged ship lately completed by in-
mate B 7401 with consumate skill and perfec-
tion of detail. Every working part of a ship
is to be found on this model in miniature du-
plicate form, showing areplete knowledge of
that seaman’s art. Only one who ‘‘has gone
down to the sea in ships,’” could produce such
a clever work of art, which is truly a revela-
tion to the uninitiated landsman.

—B 7685.

e = r—

Our inlaid box-makers are showing some
fine examples of skilful workmanship.

INSIDE JINGLES

The printers are busily engaged on the an
nual report and various other work.

Who’s the gent upon the 12th Gallery who
does manicuring at redsonable prices?

Several of the new shoe machines have al-
ready been installed. They are of the very
latest type.

‘‘Eddie,’’ Sixth Gallery turnkey, reads the
Afro-American Journal. He likes to keep
posted on the dark side of life.

Judging from the financial standing o fthe in-
mates in general, the coming Christmas will
be the leanest in several years past. A little
of the outside prosperity would be welcome
within the walls.

With the coming of cold weather the exciting
pastime of checkers and chess has given place
to less strenuous pursuits. The Stonepile
Club has virtually abandeoned its familar
rendezvous and has been scattered here any
there, as it were. Its jovial president,
““Mazoo Bill,”’” is now busily engaged in em-
broidering ladies’ handkerchiefs.

After last Thursday’s mad carouse of eat-
ing and deluge of music, we await with im-
patience the coming of Christmas.

The dinner—Ah! the dinner—how can one
describe it? First came nature’s most practi-
cal fruit, viz., apples, served fresh from the
orchards of South St., Phila. Following these
came the surprise of the day, roast beef (dis-
guised as frankfurters) flanked by aheaping
dish of turnips and mashed potatoes. What
made it doubly desirable was the rumor that
the ‘‘doggies’” had been shipped over from
Germany on ihe submarine merchant vessel
“Deutschland.”’

During the afternoon Professor Wiegandt’s
Hungarian Symphony Orchestra dispensed
glad music to the unseen multitude. Many
visitors on the Center, including some very
attractive young ladies, made it easier for our
aspiring musicans to render the difficult pro-
gram in a very finished and almost perfect
manner. Professor Wiegandt has worked hard
to bring the orchestra up to its present high
standard and he certainly deservesour thanks
for it.

Charlie, the Center runner, will call again
on all blocks with the articles from the Sec-
ond Block, commencing December 18th.

R s R N O o e T T R T r e PP ONTr > SVI T U11 NENE SelCRLIg)> IS L IR ol (AL RSP VTR. -T a

95 208
