---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_198.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery. ;

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, December 6, 1916

“However it may be, men feed themselves
rather upon illusion than upon truth.”

DOES NOT REFORM

We believe that Our View Point takes the
right stand in regard to long confinement of
offenders against the law as a means of ref-
ormation. In fact, all reliable information
points the other way. Whatever the reason,
it is evident that ‘‘a great many people be-
lieve that men are reformed by long confine-
ment in prisons. Nothing could be further
from the truth. One of the saddest sights in
life to the true humanitarian must be the
spectacle of men discharged from our penal
institutions, broken in. health and spirits,
fearing renewed contact with the world,
shrinking and slinking from the public gaze
along the byways of life, keenly and often
morbidly conscious of the stamp of ‘ex-con-
viet’ with which *they have been branded,
and actually less fitted to earn an honest
livelihood than when they were received. If
this condition were generally known we be-
lieve a determined, concerted effort would be
made to bring about reform in fact as well as
on paper.’’

PAGAN EUROPE

Undoubtedly the San Francisco Bulletin is
right in its comment upon present conditions
in Europe. Certainly the spirit that actuates
the present great slaughter is not Christian.
The word pagan comes nearer to fit the case
than any other word we know. As the writ-
er says, civilization as it was in Europe is
‘‘dead or is sleeping; its place has been taken
by a system of society based on organized
killing, and people have become used to
the new world thus created. Wonderful hu-
man qualities have shone out here and there,
in the maelstrom ¢f Verdun, in hospitals, in

the daily endurance of millions of men and
 women who surrendered all for a mystical
selfish loyalty, but the gentler emotions
which one instinctively associates with Christ-
mas time are rigorously restrained. For the
present the European world is as pagan in
spirit as that into which the founder of
Christianity came to preach His message.
This is what the year has taught us in Amer-
ica. There will be no more Ford expedi-

THE UMPIRE

tions. All the good-will in America can not
get ‘the Dboys’ out of the trenches by
Christmas, except as they are carried out
maimed or .dead. Poor ‘boys’! We look at
them out of our peaceful land as men moving
strangely far away in a red mist, driven by
motives which we may reason out, but in the
idealism of our hearts (for the real Ameri-
can is still idealistic) can not understand.’’

A WARNING TO THE COURT

An editorial writer in the Boston Tramns-
cript has taken Sam Gompers to task for his
anarchistic utterances in relation to the so-
called eight-hour law. The writer goes on to
say that ‘‘when Gompers was asked, at Bal-
timore recently what bearing upon the at-
titude of his organization toward the Adam-
son wage increase law the unfavorable decis-
ion of Judge Hook would have, he spurned
the use of wasted words in his reply. ‘We
are looking to the railroad brotherhoods,” he
said, ‘to see that the eight-hour day goes in-
to effect January 1, law or no law.’ At least
the answer of this labor leader possesses the
merit of conciseness and frankness. There
is no escaping the mearing of his language.

“‘Law or no law,’ the brotherhoods must be

a law unto themselves if they are to win ‘the
sanction of society’ which Mr. Gompers
bestows. Nor can the Supreme Court com-
plain that it was not warned in ample time as
to the decision it must hand down if it would
‘keep us out of war’ with the brotherhoods
and the organization whose - privilege it is to
have such a plain-speaking citizen for its
president as Samuel Gompers. Intimidation
won the battle of last August. ‘Why swap
horses?’ ”’

THE WORLD’S LARGEST CITY

Namiquipa, in the state of Chihuahua, Mex-
ico, has the distinction of being the largest
city in the world. Its site covers an area of
444 square miles, or approximately 284,000
acres, its exact boundaries having been fixed
some 300 years ago by a charter from the
then king of Spain, who gave the land to
some colonists from Castile.

The greater part of the city site, however,
is unbuilt upon, and, as regards the built over
portion, many of the houses, originally con-
structed of sun-dried brick, are in ruins.

Next to Namiquipa the biggest city of
either ancient or modern times was undoubt-
edly Babylon. Recent excavations have un-
covered the old walls, and they are found to
have measured fifteen miles each way, in-
closing the city in the form of a square. An
easy arithmetical calculation shows us that
the area of Babylon inside the walls, there-
fore, was 225 square miles, or 144,000 acres.

Compared with such figures as these Bir-
mingham with 8420 acres, Norwich with
7,472 acres and Glasgow with 6,111 acres are
almost in the nature of small villages. Yet
these are the threc biggest British cities—
that is to say, they contain within their
civic boundaries the biggest area of ground.

' RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the .third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

The city of London proper contains no more
than about 640 acres, approximately one
square mile.

"TH.AT WHICH WAS LOST WAS FOUND”

An unusual story came to light recently
which has something of a moral in the les-
son which it teaches. ,

As the story goes, it seems that some
years ago an old man in New Jersey found
$5,000 scattered in bills of large denomina-
tion through the - family Bible. In 1874 this
man’s aunt died and a paragraph of her will
read as follows: ‘‘“To my beloved nephew I
will and bequeath my family Bible and all
its contents, with the residue of my estate
after my funeral expenses and just and law-
ful debts are paid.”” The estate amounted
to only « few hundred dollars, which were
soon spent, and her nephew, neglecting to
read the Bible, did not find the treasure put
there for him. He lived in poverty all that
time, and it was while packing up his things
to remove to his son’s home for the remain-
der of his days that he discovered the money.

Is it possible? Do our eyes deceive us or
are we dreaming? The latest news reports
announce that two of London’s leading jour-
nals have admitted the great blunder at Gal-
lipoli, and the mishandling of the Rumanian
intervention, with a possibility of a future
break-down of the ‘‘great drive.”’

To quote that ‘‘the navalblockade can never
of itself reduce Germany and that Russia can
never act with anything like her maximum
power until the stupendous task of reopening
the Dardanelles and the Black Sea is accom-
plished’’—a near impossibility—a ray of real
sanity has at last penetrated the English
mind. ¢

Then to realize that ‘‘the Germans grasp-
ed the situstion when the Allies blundered,
and struck first in a way that does equal
credit to their intelligence and energy’’ is to
see the possibility of peace begin to take
form.

The truth which another man has won
from nature or from life is not our truth un-
til we have lived it. Only that becomes real
or helpful to any man which has cost the
sweat of his brow, the effort of his brain, or
the anguish of his soul. He who would be
wise must daily earn his wisdom.
