---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_199.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

L e e T b e N S e R o0 VS S 0 i R O S s S S SR i o -t ) IR T
_—

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

A combidation of thrift and carelessness
brought trouble to Miss Ynezita White, an
employe of the Farm Loan Board, Washing-
ton. She started for the savings bank to de-
posit a dime on her account and on the way
lost a $50 check.

*

Sapulpa, Okla., has two men of the name
of Woodrow Wilson. Mr. Wilson, Sr., was a
Union soldier, and is a strong Republican.
His son, Woodrow Wilson, Jr., is a business
man. Both voted for Hughes.

&

Angelo Lofresse, a laborer on the estate of
J. Pierpont Morgan, charged with exceeding
the speed limit for automobiles in Jamaica,
L. 1., told the Court it was his own car. He
said most of his fellow-laborers owned auto-
mobiles. He preferred two days in jail to
paying a fine of $25.

25

While she was visiting her brother-in-law in
"~ New York, Yone Suzuki was taken into the
marriage license office in company with Joka-
ohi Mayeda. She thought she was seeing one
of the sights of the city. She went back to
her home in Edgemere to find she had been
married. Now she asks an annulment. Jus-
tice Delehanty told her to bring further evi-
dence.

2

Captain George Birnie, of the Portland
schooner Lucia Porter, arrived Saturday at
Boston from Gibraltar with six members of
the crew on the Cretic and reported his ves-
sel had been abandoned 600 miles west of the
Azores. Disaster, he said, had ended his
last three voyages. He began them all on
Friday because he thought that superstition
a dream. Now he has decided he will never
sail again if he has to sail on that day.

%

After an absence of three days in the hos-
pital, Michael Addison, of New York, reach-
ed home in time to halt his own funeral. He
reached the house as the undertakers brought
in a pine box from the same hospital he had
been in. Just then the mourners began to
arrive. Addison’s daughter fainted. The
pine box contained another Michael Addison,
and the mourning was transferred to another
part of the city.

S :

A sleepy tailor’s snoring saved $15,000.
Burglars were at work on the safe of Szabo
& Beer, New York. They had already
drilled part way through a layer of concrete
when Adolph Welander, who had fallen
asleep over his tailor’s goose in the next
suite, began to dream. He gently sawed his
way through a log, turned on his side, imag-
ined himself a motortruck, and honked for
the right of way. The burglars, within an
inch of $15,000 in the safe, unnerved, prompt-
ly broke for safety.

SOME TIME

Some time we will go, we say,

Where the old true friends await,
Hopeful that some happy day

They may greetus at the gate;
Future whispers soft and low:
“‘Some time—some time—we shall go!”’

Some time we will speak, we say.
Little words we left unsaid

That might brighten some one’s way—
Some one’s way that’s dark instead,

Some kind work to help the weak

Some time —some time—we shall speak.

Some time we will do—we say,
Something we have left undone—
Shall, obscure in its way,
Save to some poor toiling one;
This we promise, fair and true,
Some time—some time we shall do.

Some time we will wake and know
Opportunity has fled,
Gone the friends of leng ago—
Needless are the words unsaid,
For, as Time computes her sums,
Sometimes, Some time never comes!
—John. D. Wells.

A MUCH NEEDED CHANGE

A much needed change in our laws, that
would tend to administer punishment accord-
ing to degree of the offense committed should
be worthy of consideration by all progressive
legislators. It is a common occurence to
witness judges sending men to prison under
excessive sentences, whose guilt was merely
of a technical nature. All men in prison are
not necessarily criminals, and many never
had criminal inclinations. Their downfall, in
many cases, was caused by over-ambition
to succeed amidst trying circumstances. Be-
cause their ventures failed they were branded
as being possessed of intention to break the
laws. Only men in prison can realize the
enormity of such grave mistakes often made
by courts. Some provision should be made to
obtain relief for those who were unfortunate
in falling under the general ban of a law,
which was never intended to punish - persons
who only made mistakes with all intent to do
wrong, lacking.—New Era.

OLDEST CARPET MILLS

The first carpet mill in America was not
established until after the Revolution. It was
in 1791, at Philadelphia, that carpet making
as an industry was born in the United States.
Since then, however, this country has become
pre-eminent in carpet making.

The oldest royal dynasty in the world is
that of Japan, which goes back unbroken
for 2,600 years.

I{e who works with his hands only is a
mechanic; he who works with hands and
head is an artisan; and he who works with
hands, head and heart is an artist.

BORROWED MIRTH

Teacher— ‘“What makes the grass grow?”’
Willie— ‘“The grass has blades, and with

these it cuts its way through the earth.”

o

Lillie— ““What a handsome coachman you’ve
got!”’

Daisy—‘“Yes; but you ought to see my
husband’s manicure!”’

&

Edith— ‘‘Haven’t you and Jack been en-
gaged long enough to get married?’’
Ethel— ““Too long! He hasn’t got a cent
left.”’ :
S o
Said He—‘“What would you do if & ygm)g
man went to kiss you against your W’
Said She— ““Oh, pshaw! I don’t think such
a thing could be possible.”’
S
““What is this man charged with?’’ asked
the Magistrate.
“Dynamite!”’ was the unanimous reply of

. the six policemen who had made the arrest.

Sk

Jack—“‘Did she accept you?”’

Tom— “*“Well, she said she’d make a mem-
orandum of my proposal and consider it when
the weather gets favorable for mental ef-
ROt

5

‘I was at the department store the other
day when all the lights went out,’’ said Light-
fingered Jim.

¢«“What luck!”’ chuckled his pal. ‘“What did
you get?”’

“Rotten! I was in the grand piano depart-
ment.’’

&

‘Shall I put a little tonic on your hair?”’
inquired the barber.

“Neo.it

“It’s getting quite thin.”’

¢Let it alone. A bald head is the only
thing that will give me any claim to an intel-
lectual appearance.’’

S*

“Didn’t you think that was a beautiful
girl with me today, Arthur?’’

““What girl, my dearest?”’

““Why, she was with me when you met us
in front of the church.”

““Was there a girl there, dear? I didn’t no-
tice. I was looking at you.”’

And then she loved him all the more.

S*

The black-haired boy had a mighty con-
tempt for the tow-headed boy.

<Huh,’’ he said, ‘‘your mother takes in
washing.”’

“Of course she does,”’ the tow-headed sat-
irist retorted. ‘“You-didn’t think she would
leave it hanging out at night unless your
father was in jail, did you?”’
