---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_200.jpg
---
HONOR CLUB NOTES

The entertainment committee rearranged
the divisions of the members attending the
performance on Saturday, December 2nd,
and while it relieved the pressure somewhat,
there were upward of seven hundred men
assembled to enjoy the big show.

We exercise our right and emphasize each
word, that if Dr. Bird has trouble in making

his pet canary do a trapeze act, he shall not

make us the ‘‘goat’” by speeding the picture
machine. We don’t know much about In-
dians, but any ““boob’’ knows that neither
Indian nor cavalrymen could go like ‘‘the
doctor’’ passed them across the screen.  You
may hand us the ‘‘bird stuff,’’” Doc, but let
the machine get into low speed. It’sall
right.this time. But there’s nothing but
praise for Mr. Kraupa. He produced the
best he had, and the selection met with our
approval. Mr. Mulligan worked hard in the
little black box to produce results, and we
enjoyed ourselves. The picture was ‘“The
Bugle Call,”” a Triangle film featuring Willie
Collier, Jr. There was no question as to our

interest and appreciation of each situation as-

it was flashed on the screen.

The President, Mr. Reuben C. McKenty,
was present to welcome the members, but
the Vice-President (A 8432) is so successful
in telling what should be said in such apt and
well chosen phrases that to ‘‘Pete’’ is added
another of his many burdens.

After Professor Wiegandt, with his inmate
orchestra, had rendered an overture, the
show opened with a sketch by six inmates.The
performers were B 7867, 7525, 8252, 7655,
7825, 7546. Then B 7478 repeated for the benefit
of the 2nd Section the song, ““Welcome, Hon-
ey, to Your Old Plantation Home.”” He was
accompanied by our old friend B 6252 on the
piano, in a creditable manner, while the slide
_ pictures made a pleasing effect.

Miss Mae Russell gave us some fine talent
this week. Lawrence and Lawrence, in their
eccentric dancing and singing turn, brought
down the house. Three encores they re-
ceived, and even then the applause was so
great that they again came on the stage and
bowed their good-will. Thanks, Lawrence
and Lawrence. :

Some among us have had the pleasure of
hearing ‘‘Ole Bull.”” Those who have will
recall the pleasure and. compare the famous
violinist with the performance on Saturday
of Miss Wood. Right within these walls we
have violinists of no mean ability, but the
treat we had from Miss Wood filled our very
souls with harmony. Her Spanish gypsy
costume was attuned to her repertoire. The
applause was so spontaneous, and showed
such deserved appreciation, that we were
treated to a medley of inspiring airs. Prom-
inent among them was *‘Dixie,”” and the
Italian favorite, ‘“Oh, Marie.”” We hated to
part with her. We are not selfish, Miss Wood;
just appreciate and know good music when
we hear it. Thanks; and to the lady who

THE UMPIRE

accompanied you our cordial greetings.

We just had a glimpse of Miss Mae Russell
as she passed us, but know she felt our good-
will.

Fine, fat, funny ‘‘Fatty Arbuckle’’ was
again with us, he and ‘‘Mabel Adrift’’ in a
three-reel Keystone film. Wherever Fatty is,
there is a laugh. He came the nearest to be-
ing serious today that he possibly could. Who
wouldn’t love that dog? Mr. Kraupa, as
usual, sent us home with a laugh to help pass
the time. The Warden looked in for awhile
and found the boys interested and well behav-
ed, and he was satisfied. He was sorry he

-was compelled to attend an important engage-

ment. His every interest is with us.

The sweet, cheerful young faces in the
visitors’ seats gave a pleasing touch to the
pleasure. The Warden’s family was rep-
resented by Miss Elsie and Brother Bill. Mrs.
William Boal, wife of the councilman from
the Holmesburg Ward, was with us and will
go out in the world and say the audience in
the ‘‘Little Theater on Cherry Hill’’ is as well
behaved as any she has ever been among. We
miss Sam. Wassa matta, Sam?

We’re looking up addresses of the kids to
send them a present Christmas. Any one we
miss let him be sure to send hisnumber to the
Secretary (B 7542, 11th Block) or he will call
and get the address. Be sure to do this.

December 9th, 1st Section, 5 G, 7 B, 7 G,
4B,4G,5B,3B. Call your delegate and
give him a piece of change for the Xmas
Kiddie Fund. It’s a good investment.

— B 75}2,

CHILDREN’S CHRISTMAS FUND

Previously acknowledged. $102.55

Last week—$8.65.
Cancelled—25¢. :

Additional Contributions
Contributions of $1.00—2 5165 7386
Contributions of 25¢—B 7603 6365 8384 6145

8197 8142 7456
Total—$3.75 Grand Total $106.30
If you have not donated yet and desire to
do so, please do so now, as we wish to close
the subscription. Up to date 390 men have
subscribed towards the Kiddie Fund. Are
you one of them? —B 5602.

PERSHING’S FORCES IN MEXICO

Always alive to the momentous questions
of the times, the New York Herald, in refer-
ing to the uselessness of the United- States
troops stationed in Mexico, states that the
Pershing expedition is protecting nobody.
Americans in Mexico are being slaughtered
just as blithely as if that force did not exist,
In no sense is it a repressive influence upon
fratricidal strife between Mexican factions.
Its presence upon Mexican soil is a constant
aggravation to the de facto government with
which the Government at Washington is
maintaining friendly relations and endeavor-
ing to do business. At the same time its
helplessness, misunderstood and miscon-
strued, is adding daily to the contempt in
which the masses of Mexicans hold the Unit-
el States and the American people. Every
consideration of common sense and national
.nterest demands an end to this farce. The
sooner the better!

THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of ““Ad”’ column.

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-bruspes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢ to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. &5

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. *k

FOR SALE—Shawls and tidies made of
Germantown wool, 4-fold $2.50 up; tidies 75c
up. B 6343,2nd Gallery, 12th Block.

POST-CARDS—The fancy cut kind, by B
7562, 6th Block; 5 for 25c. (46)

ii‘OR SALE—Four razors at a very reééona- s
ble price. B 76283, 6th Gallery. (46)

FOR SALE—Plain or fancy paper boxes
made to order, in large or small quantities.
Quality and workmanship excellent. B 1000,
Cr. UMPIRE.

FOR SALE—Crayon and cartoon paper, Cost
$4.00 Pantograph, ruler and straight edge,
$1.75; -sell all for $3.00, B 7742 12th Block,
1st Gallery. (47)

FOR SALE~Very reasonable, necktie ma-
chine, 60 neckties; also 3 trays, 3 checker-
boards.. B 6697, 3rd Block. : (48)

FOR SALE- First-class condition, cornet,
guitar, and 3 scarfs. Cheap. B 5983, 6th
Gallery. : (48)
FOR SALE-—Inlaid pin-cushions, 25 to 50c
apiece. B 6294, 1st Block. (49)

FOR SALE—AIl kinds of inlay work at 5c a
foot; also inlaid serving-trays. Otto, B 7698,
Tth Gallery. (49)

FOR SALE—New Wourlitzer guitar, first-
class condition, cost $8.00, sell for $6.00; aiso
Guitar Instructor, cost 75c¢; Guitar Chord
Book, cost $1.00; new guitar tuner and gui-
tar pick; all for §6.50. B 6153, 8th Block. (49

FOR SALE—Good guitar and case; easy fin-
ger-board for short fingers. B 7364, Cell 54,
7th Block. (50)

FOR SALE—Well-made inlaid boxes, lined
with plush and finished in artistic manner.
Prices reasonable. B 7603, 7th Block. (50)

FOR SALE—Shawls (5 x 5), in any color,
$3.50 to $5.00; scarfs (6 x 14), in any color,
$1.50 to $2.50; nubys, in any color, from T5¢
to $1.25; all made out of Germantown wool.
B 6292, 8th Block. (50)

FOR SALE—A good guitar. Price $2.00.

B 7821, Cell 23, 1st Block. (50)
FOR SALE—Fancy pin-cushions at reasona-
ble prices. B 7898, 11th Block. (50)
ALL AILMENTS of canaries skilfully

treated and long claws cut by the Canary
Bird King, B 5575, 6th Block. (50)

FOR SALE—Fine inlaid and overlaid jewel-
boxes. All prices. Also checker and pan-
cheesi board. B.7512, 5th Gallery. (£0)

FOR SALE—Cane seated nigh back arm
rocker; in good e¢ondition. Reasonable. B
7810, 3rd Block. (50)

FORN:SvAiLE*—Two‘ 'breecvi‘ing cage_s, 2 smalil
cages, 1 brass cage; all for $1.50. Two dol-
lars takes mandolin. - B 7040, 4th Block. (50)

