---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_201.jpg
---
Devoted to the
Interests and Entertainment

Of its Readers.

| THE UMPIRE

Edited and Printed
By Inmates of the E. S. P.
Philadelphia, Pa.

S VOV

Philadelphia, December 13 1916

NO. 50

THE PRESIDENT SEEKS TO
BETTER SOCIAL RELATIONS

EXPLOBER TELLS OF GOLD
SPEARS AND BULLETS

Would Bring a Closer Understanding of Eskimos Have Mountain of Precious

Rank and File—Old-age Pensions
Advocated by Sec’y Wilson

From Washington we are informed of the
advocacy of a better ‘‘social understanding’’
by President Wilson and a warning by the
president of the American Federation of
Labor, against government reguletion of the
normal activities and perscnal relationships
of the people marked the session of the con-
ference on social insurance under the auspices
of the International Association of Industrial
Accident Boards and Commissions.

President Wilson welcomed the delegates
to Washington. He said:

““We are living in an extremely interesting
time. We have drifted away from purely
political questions. We have, fortunately
enough, ceased to make constitutional ques-
tions the center of discussion, and are turn-
ing our attention more and more to those
things which affect the daily life and for-
tunes of the rank and file of great nations.
We are studying the pecple, whem long ago
we ought to have served better than we have,
and as we get in closer and closer touch with
the daily lives of men and women we know
how to counsel better, we kncw how to gov-
ern better, we know how to conduct our own
individual lives better, with a deeper insight
and a truer sympathy.

““A conference such as this, to discuss so-
cial insurance, gives evidence of the domi-
nant interest of our own time, and one of
the best elements of social insurance is so-
cial understanding—an interchange of views
and a comprehension of interests which fcr a
long time was only too rare. It used to be
confined to those who were suppcsed to be
restricted to what the general public regard-

ed as the useless precincts of the university."

Now it has spread to the ranks of practical
men and has come to be regarded as a prac-
tical study.”’
Secretary Wilson, of the Department of
Labor, declared the next step would be old-
. age pensions. George Pope, pyesident of the
National Association of Manufacturers, told
of the efforts of manufacturing companies
and organizations to promote the welfare of
their employes and opposed too much Gov-
ernment ‘‘interference.’”” Secretary Red-
field, of the Commerce Department, presided.

It is understood that a powerful appeal for
mercy in the case of Henry W. Motten and
Ernest Haines, sentenced to the death pen-
alty, will be made to the Board of Pardons
by the boys’ attorney, William T. Darr.

Metal—Ignorant of Its Value

Returning from the Far North and bring-
ing a tale of the land where gold is more
plentiful than in Alaska, Christen Leden, a
young Swedish explorer, has just arrived in
New York City,after three yearsin the Arctic.
He brought with him a harpoon head hammer-
ed out of gold by the natives of a camp since
wiped out by disease. He also has several
specimens of gold-bearing quartz brought to
him by Eskimos. Leden said he had visited
a 1and where the ground was so full of oil
that in the warm months the smell of it fill-
ed the air.

Just where the gold and oil are Mr. Leden,
who is now at the Waldorf-Astoria, will not
say. The place where the goldis to be found
he did not visit, because to have done so, he
said, would have meant another two years in
the Far North. Eskimos told him of a great
hill that had been so split that the different
strata were uncovered. Here the reddish-
yellow metal could be seen. He adds:

“‘One very old man told how his grand-
father, the possessor of an old-fashioned big-
bore gun, had found a yellow metal that he
had hammered out to make bullets. The na-
tives, of course, have no idea of its value.”’

STATE BUREAU MAKES RECORD—
1688 JOBS SECURED IN MONTH

Harrisburg reports assert that during Oec-
tober, 1688 Pennsylvanians who were out of
work, or dissatisfied with the positions they
held, obtained work through the bureau of
employment of the State Department of labor
and industry. This was about 60 per cent. of
the persons who sought work and of the num-
ber of employes sought by employers.

The Philadelphia branch, naturally, holds
first place, according to figures made public
recently by Dr. John Price Jackson, the state
commissioner of labor and industry, with
Pittsburg, Harrisburg, Johns‘own ard Altoona
following. In Philadelphia there were 437
requests for employes, 1317 requests for posi-
tions, 1121 applicants referred and 946 posi-
tions filled.

Notice of King’s Daughter’s Resignation

It will be a source of regret to the inmates
of this institution to learn that Mrs. Simonin
has resigned from the King’s Daughters, and
for that reason will discontinue visiting here.

Mrs. Simonin has been an unfailing 2nd
tireless worker for the uplift and encour-
agement of tkose in need of advice ard sym-
pathy, and her valued work here is deserving
of the highest commendation.

LATE NEWS PARAGRAPHS

Taken in charge by a detective in Broad
Street Station Friday morning, Lord E. Gross,
eleven years old, of Fifteenth and Master
Streets, said he had run away from Wenonah
Military Academy at Wenonzh, N. J., because
he was ‘‘tired of women teachers- and old
enough to work.’”” He was sent home.

The Mother Church (Catholic) favors dif-
fused ownership of property and supports the
contention that the workers should be prop-
erty owners, according to the Rev. John A.
Ryan, of Washington, who delivered a lecture
on ‘“The Catholic Church and Social Reform’’
at Houston Hall on Saturday last. He also
asserted that the church was opposed to child
labor.

A Washington report states that according
to Adjutant-General McCain’s report, made
public recently, the total authorized strength
for all branches of the service on a peace
footing during the present year is 138,896
men and 7252 officers, while the actual
strength on June 30 was 107,641 officers and
men. This shows a shortage of 38,000 men.

Lost sight of by eight persons after his
warning had resulted in saving their lives
when a grocery and dwelling at 2313 Aspen
street caughtfire Friday morning, ‘“Toodles,”’
a pet bulldog, perished from suffocation. The
dog was owned by Waillian MecBrerty.  the
grocer. The children jumped into the arms
of a policeman. The loss was about $2000,
including several hundred dollars in currency
that was burned.

The appointment of William H. Moyer, for-
mer warden at Atlanta, Ga., as warden of
Sing Sing prison was announced last week by
State Superintendent of prisons, James M.
Carter. Moyer was deposed from the Fed-
eral penitentiary under charges of extreme
severity to prisoners, etec.

It would appear as though the dial of pris-
on reform had been set back a quarter cen-
tury in New York state.

Charles H. Westbrook, alawyer of this city,
was suspended recentlyfor nine months by
Common Pleas Court No. 1, for unprofession-
al conduct in failing to prosecute a divorce
suit brought by Thomas Nelson, in which he
had paid a fee of $125. Westbrook was also
accused of failing to account for a small claim
he collected for another lawyer. Westbrook
said he had no intention of keeping the di-
vorce fee unless he prosecuted,
