---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_202.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.
Devoted to the interest and entertainmentof its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number. »

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

] B 74l3k:7 Editor.

Philadelphia, December 13, 1916

You can mnever trust a man who mnever
trusts anybody else.

WORK FOR RELEASED PRISONERS

The ‘‘Committee on Employment,’”’ work-
ing in conjunction with the ‘‘National Com-
mittee on Prisons,’’ states in its recent re-
port that ‘‘over ten thousand well-known
firms throughout the United States are ready
to give the men who have served their penal
terms, another opportunity of making good,
providing they are capable and fit to do the
work required. Unfortunately we do not
find that men having served a long prison
sentence are in proper physical or mental
condition to take up work on their release,
which would indicate that there has not as
yet been put in operation an efficient method
of handling prisoners at most of the penal
institutions.

““It is to be regretted that very few of our
prisons aim at the real reform of the pris-
oners. The old idea of punishment and idle-
ness still persists in too many of the institu-
tions and, in consequence, many of the dis-
charged prisoners lack the essential stamina
to withstand temptation and to live on a
higher plane. ’

““Much of the so-called reform which the
gullible public are led to believe as being in
actual practise at penitentiaries and reform-
atories, exists on paper only, while antiquated
and inadequate methods continue in operation.

“‘Considering all this, the committee feels
encouraged that nearly forty per cent. of the
discharged men have made good in the jobs
selected=for them. The others have grad-
ually left their allotted tasks, though the
available records do not show whether they
have drifted back into crime. The commit-
tee’s work is to be commended for its thor-
oughness in completing the work it had in
hand.”’

LAW A BURDEN FOR THE POOR

Some time ago the question of the high
cost of litigation for the ‘‘poor man,’’ was
taken up by a sympathetic writer and some
of the salient points in regard to the same
were presented in a manner calculated to
show the utter inability of the man working
for moderate wages to meet the heavy finan-

THE UMPIRE

cial burden of court proceedings. As the
writer states, ‘‘until some means shall be de-
vised to equalize the conditions under which
rich and poor alike appeal to the courts they
will be open to the just reproach that the
scales fail to hold a true balance. One of
the judges of the Philadelphia Municipal
Court has some pertinent suggestions to offer
in this connection, for he sees in the tribunal
of which he is a member a possible agency
for the reform of an evil which is manifest
to all men. Yet it is impossible to avoid the
feeling that a new court which is itself still
on trial, and which has given the public an
exhibition of extravagance in the organiza-
tion and payment of its own staff, can hardly
inspire general confidence in its own ability
to rise to higher levels of service to the
people. ™ _ :

Continuing, the writer goes on to say, that
unfortunately the court has thus far failed
to ‘‘accomplish one of the principal objects
for which it was created, namely, to make
the Magistrates’ Courts unnecessary and to
facilitate their eventual abolition. The work-
ing man ought not to lose sight of the fact
that aside from the glittering endeavors of
this court to enter into various undertakings
of social reform, it operates more as a com-
petitor of the Common Pleas Courts than as
a relief to those tribunals. Had a genuine
effort been made*to get nearer to the people,
by establishing branches in different parts of
the city, so that it could have been easily ac-
cessible to litigants, there would not have
been the present need for recourse to the
Magistrates’ Courts, and the work of the
Municipal Court would have been to that ex-
tent more valuable than it has proved itself
to be. ‘ )

““Unquestionably the burden which it has

laid on the shoulders of the taxpayers is

wholly out of proportion to the actual ser-
vice it has given in return. So far as the
costs of litigation are concerned, it is per-
fectly true that these are matters for .the
Legislature to correct. Doubtless a recom-
mendation for a revision of these costs, from
the Judges of both the Common Pleas and
Municipal Courts, would have weight with
the lawmaking body, but suggestions in this
direction would receive more serious atten-
tion were the Judges themselves more active in
their efforts to secure greater simplification
of judicial procedure. There wculd be less talk
of a need for a court for the poor man if the
present courts gave less slavish attention to
technicalities and precedents and were more
open to the influences of justice pure and
undefiled.”’

INFORMATION AT YOUR CALL

Do you envy your more fortunate fellow-
men, who have been to colleges and universi-
ties, who have traveled widely, whose ac-
quaintance with the wise and powerful gives
them an insight into world affairs that you
feel you lack? .5

You can overcome this handicap if you will

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o’clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room. :

but try! By diligent effort you can make
yourself the equal in wisdom of practically
any of those whose opportunities you have
never had.

The key is within your reach. It is the use
of books from a public or private library!

It is the business of the library, not only
to keep upon its shelves the books you should
read to make yourself familiar with your
chosen field, but to aid you in finding those
books. .

Would you understand the devious diplo-
matic blunders that led to the FEuropean
war? You will find your questions answered
in the library.

Do you wish to know more about the polit-
ical issues that have a bearing on the presi-
dential ~campaign? The best that political
observers have written will be found on the
library shelves! _ !

Do you see a chance to better yourself by
enlisting in some different industry?

The chances are that you can find in the
library most of the information about this
particular field, lack of which holds you back!

Many careers have been planned and found
over a library table and the library is sup-
ported by taxes, which means that you pay
your share to keep it going. :

There are over twelve-thousand books in
the E. S. P. library. Why not get busy?

WAR COMPENSATIONS

A writer in the Cincinnati Times-Star be-
lieves that the present war in Europe will
eventually have its compensations, which
seems rather hard to believe, in view of the
frightful sacrifice of lives. Undoubtedly the
war is working a stupendous change in indus-
trial methods. Forced by necessity, chemists
and inventors are devoting their energies to
the discovery of ‘‘scmething just as good.”’
Most of all, in Germany scientists are bend-
ing their energies to make up the deficiencies
which are inevitable to a condition of block-:
ade. After the war is over it will be found
that new uses have been found for many of the
waste products of the earth. Just as the
slag pile and the refuse from the smelter, the
iron furnace and the coke and charcoal ovens
have been turned to good account, so will the .
fields and marshes soon be contributing to
the welfare of man in new and unexpected
ways.
