---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_203.jpg
---
)

e i . aaiiand

.he could preach

man’s.

- Smith, a negro.

\\
INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS -

A cargo of dried codfish swelled the seams
of the schooner Ponhook when it shipped
water and sank it, according to the crew of
the Norwegian steamship Kronstad, which
arrived at Galveston recently. The Kronstad
rescued the Ponhook’s crew on the night of
October 30.

S

Only a short time ago the bank of MeCut-
chenville, O., was robbed of $2000. Recently
the new watchdog was poisoned. Then the
dog’s chief playmate, abeautiful Angora cat,
died in the same way. The night watchman
has increased his arsenal, anticipating a new
call from yeggs.

S

-Honor among thieves is supplemented by a
professional code announced by Joseph An-
derson, Elizabeth, N. J. Arrested for theft,
he told the police he never robbed a poor
man, never broke a pane of glass to enter a
house, never jimmied a window, never car-

ried a revolver; neither does he smoke. or
 drink.

2

After seventeen years in domestic service
in Indianapolis, Lena Kebl decided to return
to Germany and live a peaceful life on her
savings of $402. Reaching Baltimore she
asked a policeman to direct her to the office
of the North German Lloyd Steamship Com-
pany. ‘‘No steamships running on account of
the war,’’ he replied.”” What war?’’ she ask-
ed.

S

Said to be wanted in Camden on the charge
of the non-support of his wife and son, the
Rev. Richard H. Gooden, pastor of a local
colored church, gave $300 bail recently before
Police Justice Barrows at Ocean City, N. J.,
for his appearence in the Camden Police
Court. Gooden was admitted to bail so that
and take care of his
chickens.

S5

One more prehistoric man has been exposed.
Railroad workmen at Pine Bluff, W. Va., un-
covered recently the bones of a human giant.

" The skull is as large as a two-gallon bucket,
‘without forehead and with protruding jaw. A

thigh-bone measured four and a half feet.
The ribs are three times as big as an average
The skeleton will be shipped to New

%

A tin can man-trap devised by Joseph Grim-
mer at a Riverside, N. J., grocery store is
said to have caught a victim in one Thomas
Missing hams from the
storage room, Grimmer attached a silk thread
to a huge ham and ran the other end out into
the store and tied it to a tin can. Recently
the tin can rattled across the floor. The negro
is held for the grand jury.

Yotk

THE UMPIRE

THE WORLD’S UPS AND DOWNS

The world is full of hypocrites,

An honest man we say misfits.
The ups and downs of life is rude,

Is nothing but get money and food.

Anything that’s good and true
Is criticised by me and you.
The man who is of little note
Still counts when it is time to vote.

If a man isrich he is a thief,

As he got his gold creating grief.
A poor man who can rarely live

Is always called upon to give.

If there were no rich, the poor would die,
If there were no poor, the rich would cry.
Some of us just toil for gain,
While others sit down and use their brain.

The more we hurry the less we get.
If we go slow we’re sure to regret.
So what’s the use to worry at all
Or get our names in the world-famedhall?

Just do a favor every now and then
And live by the help you give other men.
For after all it’s the soul we make
Before we are ready for God to take.
—Selected.

WORK FOR CONGRESS

‘The New York Sun is of the opinion that if
Congress could devote the entire short session
when open to the problems springing  from
the demand of the four brotherhoods for an
eight-hour day, it would not have sufficient
time to study them as they deserve. Already
organized labor has declared against the legis-
lation advocated by the President, and his
recommendations will precipitate a bitter
struggle. Moreover, they can not be intelli-
gently acted on without consideration of the
adverse conditicns which have crippled the
transportation corporations in the past, the
evil effects of which on trade and commerce
are more apparent now then ever before.
The distribution of foodstuffs and the main-
tenance of reasonable prices therefor are in-
volved in this to an extent commonly over-
looked, and this factor must receive attention_

P. R. R. HAS LARGEST "ELECTRIC
LOCOMOTIVE

The Altoona correspondent of a local paper
tells of another mechanical marvel that is
soon to be put in operation on the Pennsyl-
vania Railroad. After three months work em-
ployes of the Pennylvania Railroad’s Juniata
shops have completed what is said to be the
largest electric locomotive in the country. It
is eighty feet long and really two locomotives
in one. It has a hauling capacity equal to
three steam engines of the L-I-S type in use
on the Pittsburg division and will obtain its
power from an overhead wire system. Later
it will be sent to the Westinghouse plant at
Pittsburg to be equipped with motors. After
thatit goes to the Norfolk and Western road,

which is partly electrified, for an extended test,

5

BORROWED MIRTH

‘‘Read my palm, please.”’
‘‘Ah, you want a hand picked future, do
you?’’
c’ -
2acon—‘‘How many languages does your
wife speak?’’
Egbert—“Three~near-English, baby talk,
and bridge whist.”’
S5
She— ¢‘It must have taken a lot of persist-
ence on your part to learn to play the cornet
so well.”’

He—*It did. I had to go constantly
armed for three months.’’
S

“Darling, if you had to do it all over
again, would you still want to marry me?’’

“My dear, if I had to do it over again and
decided to marry, you would be the one I
would select. ”’

S5
Hokus— ‘I never knew such a wet blanket
as Flubbub. ”’
Pokus — ““That’s right. If that fellow
should jump from the frying-pan into the
fire he would put the fire out.”’

&
‘““What came between them?’’
““A French poodle.”’
“Eh?”’ :
““At least he put it up to her to choose be-
tween him and the dog, and he’s been living
at his club ever since.’’ '

S5

“Didn’ Mistoh Pinkly stand by you when
de mixup took place?’’

“Yes,” replied Mr. Whiffletree Dawson.
““‘He was standin’ by me, jest close enough
to take a good aim when he hit me behind
the ear.”’

: 25

“Do you expect to spend your whole life
in the wicked pursuit of riches?’’ asked the
ascetic person.

‘“No,”” replied the brisk individual. ¢‘If
I'm not rich by the time I reach fifty years °
of age I shall consider myself an igncble
failure.”’

5 ;

He—“If you don’t intend to break your
engagement with me, why do you let Rich-
man make you such valuable presents?’’

She—““My father advised me to accept
them.”’

. He—*‘‘He did! Why?”’

She—‘‘He said if I married you they might
come in handy.”’

S

‘““You want more money? Why, my boy,
I worked three years for $11.00 a monthright
in this establishment, and now I'm owner of
A :
‘““Well,- you see what happened to your
boss. No man who treats his help that way
can hang on to his business.”’
