---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_204.jpg
---
4

S R e e oo
HONOR CLUB NOTES

Promptly at 12:45 the procession formed in
line and, with the Club delegates directing
. them, marched to the amusement hall. The
H. F. C. orchestra did some good work, and
the director, Prof. A. F. Wiegandt, excelled
himself in the way in which he handled the
baton. There’s no question that we have a
good orchestra, and the praise is for Profes-
sor Wiegandt. We have our good pianist,
and the praise is for B 6252. We had our
good outing; the benefit is for us.

Seven hundred members were crowded in
the hall when the doors were closed. Seven
hundred eager, expectant faces looked to-
ward our pretty little stage. The Vice-Pres-
ident (A 8432) made the address of welcome,
and the show was on. The H. F. C. orches-
tra rendered an overture, then Al (B 7478)
sang ‘‘They Made It Twice as Nice as Para-
dise, and They Called It Dixie Land.”” *The
slides were shown with this song. Al did
well, and when he came to the chorus he re-
quested the audience to join in and sing with
him. The words were flashed on the screen,
and the audience, to a man, joined in the
singing, and real melody shook the rafters
and served to show just how the privileges
accorded the men are appreciated. Our
friend Mr. Kraupa was with us, and Jimmy
Mulligan, ‘‘the boy in the box,’” worked and
sweated to give his frienls amusement. The
opening picture was a five-reel film featuring
“Dug’’ Fairbanks in ‘‘Flirting with Fate.”
Good stuff, every scene, and that the boys
appreciated the pictures was shown by their
applause. Mr. Dipple’s remark, ‘‘there’s a
sermon conveyed in these pictures,” is apt
and true, for many times throughout the
week the echo of these ‘“‘movies’’ comes to
our minds with a force we can not oppose.
Every man loves a good dog, and when those
dogs fondle and fawn on ‘‘Dug’ Fairbanks
it opens up the feeling of fellowship.

But we pause to consider Miss Daisy But-
land. We had Miss Butland with us before,
and we welcomed her again; and again Miss
Butland delivered the goods. On the encore
she played ‘“The Last Rose of Summer,”” and
its sweetness was felt rather than heard.
Her third curtain call was the difficult triple
tonzueing feat of which most professional cor-
netists look on with wonder. Thanks, Miss
Daisy Butland.

Stevens and Brown were next on the pro-
gram with something new in vaudeville,
“‘Lemons and Real Estate.”” It was good,
very good, and the singing by Mr. Brown
was fine, but what brought down the house
was their Scotch act. As two Scotch High-
landers they simply brought down the house
and for the fourth and fifth time they were
compelled to come on and bow their appre-
ciation.

“‘Aldyne,’’ the hand balance artist, was next
on in his difficult feats of gymnastics and
hand balancing. ‘‘Aldyne’’ could not put on his
full act owing to lack of space. What he did

R

THE UMPIRE

do was worthy of the applause he received.
Using no other ‘‘props’’ than two chairs and
a pair of crutches (‘‘Aldyrnc’’has but one leg)
he performed feats of strength and balancing
on the hands that demonstrates that the re-
sult of application to one particular line is
the higher point of perfection. We thank
you, ‘‘Aldyne.”’ :

Miss Russell interrupted the applause of
-‘Aldyne’’ to say that as a compliment to the
colored members she had persuaded ‘‘Blondie”’
Robinson to appear. Miss Russell has played

“in the same companies with Mr. Robinson

in three different countries and took the occa-
sion to say that Mr. Robinson has played before
all the crowned heads of Europe and the dead-
heads of Philadelphia. This was before Mr.
Robinson had appeared before us, under-
stand. Mr. ‘‘Blondie’’ Robinson is an enter-
tainer. There is not one idle moment ‘in
which to do anything but laugh while he is on.
A storm of applause followed him. He en-
cored, but so hearty was the applause that
he had to take three curtain calls. He has
promised to come again. We hope you will,
Mr. Robinson.

“Fatty’’ Arbuckle was again with uson the
screen, and he was, as he always is, a scream.

We were honored by the presence of Mr.
Horstman, an Inspector of the E. S. P., and
an honorary member of the H. F. C. Wehave
no doubt as to Mr. Horstman’s opinion of the
H. F. C. as a self-governing organization.

The Warden was with us and remained
from start to finish. He occupied a seat in
the visitors’ row.

“How are we doing, Warden?’’ ‘‘Fine,
fine! Keep it up; you’re doing all right.”’

Our President, Mr. Reuben C. McKenty,
was with is and said that the conduct was
all that could be desired.

Mr. Dipple remarked that he had enjoyed
a pleasant afternoon. The Warden’s family
was represented by Miss Elsie, Brother Bill,
and Robert, Jr.

Mr. D. H. Biddle, of The North American,
was an interested spectator. It surprised
him to learn just how the H. F. C. fulfilled
its mission.

The contributions for the Xmas Kiddie
Fund will remain open until December 20th,
and it’s rolling up.

The Vice-President (A 8432) calls attention
to the condition of some of the tickets. They
are broken as from rough handling. Use
a little care with them. An old or ragged
ticket may be refused; so be careful.

Next week, December 16th, 2nd Section—
11 B, 12B, 12-2-1G,1 B, 6 B, 6 G, 8 B, 9 B.
Have tickets ready. Don’t bend nor break
them —B 7542.

CHILDREN’S CHRISTMAS FUND

Previously acknowledged.
Last week—$8.65.

Total $25.35 Grand Total $131.65
Additional Contributions
Contribution of $25.00—Anonymous Friend
Contribution of 25¢— B 8238.

Contribution of 10¢—5745.

$102.55

' THE UMPIRE “AD” COLUMN

Notice for advertisements must come through your
Overseer. Inmates who fail to notify THE UMPIRE office
when advertised goods are sold will be denied future use
of “Ad”’ column. ¥

FOR SALE — Clothes-brushes, hair-brushes
and shoe-brushes, with inlaid backs; 35¢c to
$1.50. B 1381, 7th Block. ik

TYPEWRITING done at reasonable rates.
B 7386, 3rd Block. Kk

POST-CARDS-The fancy cut kind, by B
7562, 6th Block; 5 for 25c. (46)

FOR SALE—_Four razors at a very reasona-
ble price. B 7623, 6th Gallery. (46)

FOR SALE—Crayon and cartoon paper, Cost
$4.00 Pantograph, ruler and straight edge,
$1.75; sell all for $3.00, B 7742 12th Block,
1st Gallery. (47)

FOAf{WSAI;E—Inlai(VI_ pin-cushions, 25 to 50¢
apiece. B 6294, 1st Block. (49)

FOR SALE—AIl kinds of inlay work at 5¢ a
foot; also inlaid serving-trays. Otto, B 7698,
7th Gallery. (49)

FOR SALE—New Wurlitzer guitar, first-
class condition, cost $8.00, sell for $6.00; also
Guitar Instructor, cost 75c¢; Guitar Chord
Book, cost $1.00; new guitar tuner and gui-
tar pick; all for $6.50. B 6153, 8th Block. (49

FOR SALE—Good guitar and case; easy fin-
ger-board for short fingers. B 7364, Cell 54,
7th Block. (50)

FOR SALE— Well-made inlaid boxes, lined
with plush and finished in artistic manner.
Prices reasonable. B 7603, 7th Block. (50

FOR SALE—Shawls (6 x 5), in any color,
$3.50 to $5.00; scarfs (6 x 14), in any color,
$1.50 to $2.50; nubys, in any color, from 75¢
to $1.25; all made out of Germantown W(0501.

0)

treated and long claws cut by the Canary
Bird King, B 5575, 6th Block. (50)

Fb‘rf»{ﬂéiA_LE—F'ineA inla{;i ar_l_d overlaid jewel-
boxes. All prices. Also checker and pan-
cheesi board. B 7512, 5th Gallery. (50)

FOR SALE—Cane seated nigh back arm
rocker; in good condition. Reasonable. B
7810, 3rd Block. (50)
FOR SALE—Two breeding cages, 2 small
cages, 1 brass cage; all for $1.50. Two dol-
lars takes mandolin. B 7040, 4th Block. (50)

FORMWS?AEFI—;F;r»my inlaid combination
jewelry boxes and pin-cushions; good
workmanship. Prices reasonable. B 7203,
11th Block. (50)

FOR SALE—Alarm clocrk,r practically new.
Will sell cheap. B 7940, 6th Block. (50)

FOR SA[V;E;'iSb;’rceen vri(Ab-inch records, good
condition. $4.75. Also razor, $1.25. B 023,
1st Block. ; (50)
FOR SALE—Solid inlaid boxes for sale;
prices reasonable. B 7685, 12th Block. (50)

FOR SALE_Inlaid boxes, lined and finished.
Prices reasonable. B 8059, 7th Block. (f0)

