---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_205.jpg
---
(SRR gy v vy (.

2

VOL. V

THE UMPIRE

Philadelphia, December 20, 1916

2 Che Seasnn’s Greetings .«

ot A Christmas Wiston ¢ .2

NO. 51

By John Kendrick Bangs

On Christmas Eve 'mid all the joyous glee

That in my plenteousness surrounded me,

I happened by some chance to turn mine eye
Out through a window-wreath that hung near by.
And as I glanced through it into the night

I seemed to see, lit by some holy light,

A childish face with wistful, smiling lips

That thrilled me to my very finger-tips. -

“There’s an extra, a Christmas girl downstairs,
* that I think you’ll want to keep; she’s a worker,
but—"

The big store manager looked up at the tall,
prim New England woman who was the head of
his employment bureau, and he understood. But
he was a brute. :

“But?’’ he insisted.

‘“‘Her references aren’t good.”’ o

“Not good?’ he said. “‘You mean they ain’t
good people?’”’ S e

““Oh,”” she exclaimed, ‘‘they’re good people,

“They prefer not to speak, for or against. 27
“I see,”’” he growled. ‘‘A case for bad people.

4* Send her to me.”’

And then the picture in the wreath was gone,

BT T And wn its place the Eastern Star-beams shone— e Y
75 N The same that nineteen centuries ago 73 Y
\W/ \W Led on the Wisemen with their heavenly glow; W W
W (1% And e'en as they I wandered through the drifts \\ W
B\ \ /IL' And into lowly places carried gifts ; &$ //'/’

To cheer, and give release, and pay my due
Unto my Lord thro’ them that suffer rue.

Strirtly Business

By Lincoln Steffens

T'wo eager hands stretched forth called, as in stress,
To me to carry help to Helplessness,

And in the sad eyes of that child I saw

In all its loveliness the Christmas Law—

Not a command, no everlasting must

Upon Reluctance for its teaching thrust,

But just a pleading hint to him who runs-

That all who suffer are God’'s Little Ones!

% % % % %

And up came the case, another Puritan, slim,
alive, afire. | :
“I know,”’ she began, ‘‘I know what you’re go-
ing to say; every word of it. I’m fired, but, first,
I must hear a lecture; the same old lecture. So

fire away; but cut it short.”’

“Wo’n’t you be seated?”’ he said politely.

“Thanks,’’ she mocked.

He rose, and with a chivalrous bow, begged her
to ‘‘Please be seated.”’

‘“No,”” she declared, decidedly. ‘T’ll take it
standing, so I can get out if I don’t like—"’

“‘Sit down,’’ he bellowed.

She sat. '

He stood glaring at her. ‘‘Think I’d let you stand

(Continued on page %)

