---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_206.jpg
---
=

THE UMPIRE

THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-

ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected arti-
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, December 20, 1916

“It 1s the weight of self that overpowers;

take up another’s load, it carries ours.’’

THE CHRISTMAS SPIRIT

To the many the ringing of Christmas bells
will usher in another joyful season, during
which reciprocal love should find abundant
overflow; and while we may feel the glad-
some spirit pulsate with all its attendant pul-
chritude and harmony of the occasion, still,
there is an undertow of sadness and sorrow
that can not be dispelled. While it may be
true that a majority of our citizens are en-
Jjoying an era of unusual prosperity and
abundance, it may also be well to take a
broad outlook upon conditions as a whole. If
we do this, a condition will be found to exist
that is not in the least in keeping with the
time and season.

From many quarters within our borders
are to be heard the pitiful pleas for help
from those in need, and if we also consider
the frightful condition existent in war-torn
Europe, it would be a hardened heart indeed
that could withhold a feeling of sympathy and
sorrow for d=stitute and suffering humanity.

Undoubtedly the spirit of St. Nicholas is
doing much to allay the want of charity, of
vengeful spite and malice, which has caused
so much misery and want; still, there is am-
ple opportunity for the truly sympathetic to
demonstrate their belief in the gospel of good-
will, fellowship and love among the distract-
ed, the lonely and the unfortunate. The
great trouble is, that altogether tco many
contract their efforts to very narrow limita-
tion and pass by numberless opportunities to
proffer relief with uplifted gaze.

The spirit of love should freely mingle in
the intricate life of mankind, as it is the only
sustaining element. Without it life would

be a mere-void, a vapid inanity not worth the

living. Its wholesome potency will trans-
form the weakling and the unspiritualized
man from incipiency, to the full bloom of
fitness for a higher life.

The higher life is but another way of ex-
pressing Love the divine. ‘‘Illumined by its
presence it exhibits man in full glory, con-
trolled by Love,’” which must be the substan-
tial principle of the universal thrift and ful-
ness of life.

The Christmas spirit which finds expression
in loving and giving is surely working in har-
mony with the Deific overflow that brings
man in tune with the Infinite.

The rising tide of the true—the fuller
Christmas spirit—is the widening dawn of
the higher selfhood, which bespeaks the like-
ness of the divine; true unfoldment of the
higher love which has power to sweeten and
beautify the lives of all that may feel the
magic of its touch.

The late James Whitcomb Riley had the
genuine Christmas spirit when he wrote:

“‘Christmas means love. We can not piec-
ture it without seeing the spangled Christ-
mas tree girt with the faces of gleeful young-
sters, glad parents, and happy bodies return-
ed home from town or far metropolis. It
sounds like bells and crackling logs and shouts
of children. And even our old, round-shoul-
dered, sorrow-ridden planet, with his eye
knocked out on his cheek, pauses to smile
from sea to sea, and love is everywhere re-
juvenated.”’

““Then let us all be contented with our lot,

The June is here this morning and the sun is
shining hot;

Oh let us fill our hearts up with the glory of
the day,

And banish every doubt and care and sorrow
far away.

Whatever be our station, with Providence
our guide,

Such fine circumstances ought to make us
satisfied.

For the world is full of roses and roses full
of dew,

And the dew is full of heavenly love that
drips for me and you.’’

Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!

DOING OUR BEST

Undoubtedly more beautiful sermons are
preached at Christmas than at any other
time or season. We are loath to believe that
the clergy purposely reserve their florid
phrases and most appealing thoughts for ser-
monizing on Christmas Sunday; nor does it
seem plausible that they withhold their su-
preme efforts from their parishioners on other
Sundays in order to feast them well at Christ-
mas. Surely it must be that they are indeed
stimulated by the true Christmas spirit, in-
spired by the belief in the greatest of all
Christian festivals to do their best—their
very best to electrify and charm the listen-
ing multitude.

In these times of prosperity to some and
misery and sorrow to others there is abun-,
dant need of best endeavor to inculcate the
teaching of Jesus in the lives of those who
seek relief from worldly cares and deeper
sorrows. There are many athrist for spirit-
ual food and sympathy, and it is to such that
consoling messages of love and tenderness
particularly appeal. Itis a sad heart that
fails to receive some comforting assurance at
Christmas, even ‘‘though the way may be
darkened by a passing cloud.” Truly, he
who believes in Christmas and its message
of love, will do his best to fulfil the law.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison.
Chapel every Sunday at 7.80 o’clock, A. M.
Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

THE TOYS I USED TO KNOW
By JoHN O’KEEFE

Within the shopping center here
I stand a waif and stray,
And watch the throngs of women dear
Who pay and pay and pay.
Wide-eyed, I look about, but oh!
- Where are the toys I used to know?

Swift an aeroboat goes by,
To boyhood’s marveling,
And fascinated eyes rove high
To watch the wonder thing.
But, heart of mine! across my sight
There floats a little home-made kite.
My boy demands a ’lectric train,
~ With fifty feet of track.
~ His modern spirit skims the plain
And brooks no holding back.
O Christmas when I used to bless
My key-wound fifty-cent express!

My little girl I must amuse,
And so I buy at view

A doll that wears French high-heeled shoes
And silken stockings, tco!

Yet lo! a vision from above—

My sister’s doll, of rags and love!

- O dear, dead days that brought to me

My earliest burst of speed,

When Santa placed beneath the tree
My first velocipede!

Yet my son tells the Christmas czar

He’s got to have a motorcar.

O tree, long since decayed and dead,
What joys you held apart!

Gee! how those mittens, thick and red,
Warmed both my hands and heart!

But now my wife I have to buy

A pair of auto gauntlets high.

Here, where the incandescents gleam
Amid the costly show,
I seem to see, as in a dream,
The penny candies glow.
Tree of my youth! my heart, grown new,
Again hangs on a branch of you!

Christmag, 1925

Be strong in faith; unfearing, wait;

And if, unchecked from human woe,
Loud roar the raging gale of Hate,

Let love’s pure lamp the clearer glow;

Keepbright that lamp, keep safe that shrine,
Hold that one altar void of stain—

The gale will fall, the lamp will shine,
For hate must die and love shall reign.
