---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_207.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

MM—:

e Olden Carnl

‘‘Lordlings, iisten to our lay;

We have come from far away
- To seek Christmas.

In this mansion, we are told,

He his yearly feast doth hold;
"Tis today.

May joy come from God above
To all those who Christmas love’’

The earliest Christmas carol known was
discovered in an old manusecript in the British
Museum, and it is said to have originated
in the thirteenth century. -

DECORATIONS FOR THE CENTER

The members of the electrical school are
putting the finishing touches to several il-
luminated pictures, which will form part of
the Christmas decorations on the Center. A
life-like plaster cast of Santa Claus is
the surprise which ‘‘Curley’” has had
in store for us these last few weeks. Itisa
work of art that the institution can be proud
of. Besides this he has made several plaster
wreaths illuminated by electric lights, which

are to be placed at the head of the respective

blocks.

An eight-year old New York girl appeals to
Santa Claus to bring her a doll and she directs
her letter to Police Commissioner Woods.
And so the commissioner is planning a Christ-
mas tree in every one of the precinct stations.
May Sorrell, who wrote the letter, will re-
ceive the doll, and her sick papa will be given
all the help he needs.

While passing through this institution, in
company with others, a {air maid was heard
to remark, ‘“Oh, isn’t he nice looking?’’ At
which her friend replied, ‘“Why, they're
both good lvokers.”” Just then Overseers
Loan and Moore hove in sight. 'Nough said.
Please pass the mustard.

Visitor (to foreman of the print shop)—
‘“Why are you men in such a hurry?”’

Foreman—‘“Why, we are gettirg cut the
annual report, and we want to get it out be-
fore they take away our diet.’”’

A Mean Imposition

Our attention has been called to the faect
that a member of the H. F. C impersonated
the editor of THE UMPIRE to a lady visitor at
the entertainment on Saturday last. In so
far as receving any attendantcredit is con-
cerned there is little objection on our part;
but we do object most emphatically to
any lying cheat palming himself off on an in-
nocent visitor for the purpose of securing
correspondence and cother considerations at
our expense and possible discredit.

If this offense is continued or repeated the
culprit’s number will be published and he will
suffer the consequences. — KEditor.

It is permissible to allow a little license at
the end of the Old Year, so long as we prom-
ise ‘‘never to do it again.”” So look forward
to our next number for a little “‘pep.”’

HONOR CLUB NOTES

Promptly at 12:50 P. M. on Saturday the
members of the Honor and Friendship Club.
were marshalled by their respective dele-
gates and marched from their blocks to the
amusement hall to enjoy the weekly enter-
tainment.

They were soon seated, gazing at the
words on the screen, ‘“The Warden wishes
you a Merry Christmas.’’ Whoever read that
knew that it meant him.

The opening number was an overture by
the H. F. C. Orchestra, rendered with the
harmony that Professor Wiegandt alone can
produce.

Mr. Kraupa knew what he was doing when
he selected Billie Burke in ‘‘Peggy’’ as the
feature film, a screen reel preoduction that
featured Billie Burke. It is impossible to
produce better than Billie Burke, and the
closest attention was paid to every situvaticn
flashed on the screen; and all were the better
for seeing the picture.

Two friends who have been here before,
dropped in between trains to entertain the
“‘boys,’” opened the vaudeville, Bisselt and
Wilson.

The 2nd Section was not out when they
were here before, and the storm of applause
that greeted their classy turn of singing and
dancing was as hearty as the 1st Section
gave them. Three encores and a curtain call
they responded to before they were permit-
ted to leave. = When it is considered that
they just had time to get their train, their
kindness will be better understood. Thanks,
Bisselt and Wilson; come again. Immedi-
ately following Bisselt and Wilson came
Goldet and Beunnett, the Owl melody team,
with a violin and accordion turn. The music
that these two artists produced goes down on
record as the best ever. The accordicn was
an orchestra in itself, and when ‘‘The Mise-
rere’’ welled out in sweet plaintive notes the
audience was attentive and silent, greeting
the end with a spontaneous burst of ap-
plause. The violin was fine, and Goldet and
Bennett have our thanks for their efforts.
In Lyons, the comedy juggler, Miss Russell

 continued her gocd work, and we had the

pleasure of seeing Mr. Lyons perform jug-

_gling feats that can not possibly be excelled.

The applause was so great after Mr. Lyons
had finished, that Miss Russell came on and
reminded the boys that she had something
else to offer. The applause changed to her,
and she introduced Mr. Jack Rich, with a
German monologue and comic singing and
dancing. Mr. Rich is known the world over
as a comedian of the first class, and to show
that his reputation was built upon a rock,
he gave a performance that called for thun-
ders of applause. He submitted to three en-
cores, giving a different turn each time, and
finally to the good old air of ‘‘Turkey in the
Straw’’ gave an exhibition of dancing that
caused ‘‘Big Bert’’ to sit up and take notice,
and he murmured ‘‘That baby sure can step

some. Do you see them double shuffles?’’
Mr. Rich will fill any house in which he
shows. Thanks, Mr. Rich.

Mr. Kraupa gave us a real treat Saturday
when he introduced Miss Rose Tapely, a star
artist from the Vitagraph Company, of
Brooklyn, N. Y. It isn’t often that people
have a chance to see and hear a movie star
and have her relate episodes of her studio
life for their entertainment. This is what
Miss Tapely did for the II. F. C. members
Saturday, in charming good-fellowship.

When Jimmie Mulligan (the boy in the box)
said ‘““We have a Charlie Chaplin this week,’’
he exposed 2 ‘‘Klondike’’ in an effort to show
his pleasure. - Yes, Mr. Kraupa produced
Charlie Chaplin in ‘“The Floor Walker.”’
What’s more to say, Charlie came on the
screen, and all thoughts of anything except
amusement ceased.

To the Warden, without whose interest and
sanction none of this pleasure nor entertain-
ment could be, we give our sincere thanks,
and we wish him a Merry Christmas. When
asked if he had anything to say to the boys,
his reply, quick and sure, was, ‘No, only
I’'m glad everybody is happy. It was a good
show.”’

When the picture of the Warden was flash-
ed on the screen the applause was hearty
and proved that there is a deep regard for
him in the hearts of the members.

Our Vice-President’s (A 8432) picture on
the screen was greeted with applause. Pete’s
guessing yet where Dr. Bird got that picture.
— ‘“‘the mystery of the Film.”’

We had Mrs. Irene Page Soloman, the
Philadelphia representative and reporter of
the Motion Picture News, with us. She en-
joyed herself immensely.

The Warden’s family was represented by
Mrs. R. C. McKenty, wife of the President,
Reuben C. McKenty, MISS Elsie, and Robert
ey g, :

Wlth Christmas we of the H. F. C. unite
in wishing our friends, who have our welfare
at heart, and the performers who have enter-
tained us, a Merry Christmas. May the joy
that comes frem a gecod deed well done be
theirs, is the wish of the members of the

Honor and Friendship Club.

Suturday December, 23, 1516," 1st Section
3B 5B 4G 4B 7(1 7B5G Beccuelul
of tlcket< —B 7542

CHILDREN'S CHRISTMAS FUND

With this week the contributions to the
Christmas Kiddie Fund closes. The thanks
of the Club go to those friends and members
who have contributed to make Christmas joy-
ful for the kiddies at home.

Previously acknowledged $131.65
Honor and Friendship Club contri-

bution $105.91
Grand total $241.01

Additional Contributions
Contribution of $1.00—A Friend.
Contributions of 50¢ B 7664 7499.
Contributions of 25¢ B 7025 6164 7159 8322

R448. ‘
Contribution of 20¢ B 8431.
Contribution of 10¢ B 5755.
