---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_208.jpg
---
°s

| asked brutally.

4 THE UMPIRE

(Continued from page 1)
there lecturing and judging me?’’ he growled. And
he lectured and judged her. Then he, too sat.
“How do you know what I was going to say?”’
he demanded.

““Because you all say the same thing,”’ she flash-

ed; “‘everywhere I work. They tell me I'm bad,
so I’'m discharged, but they all give me that lec-
ture on how to be good—out of a job.”” She nam-
ed places she had worked; stores where the mana-
gers and conditions were notorious. ‘‘They gave
it to me at Freeman’s,”” she sneered, ‘‘and,’’ she
jeered, ‘‘at the One Price Stores! Everywhere I
get it, and not only from you bosses. I see the
other girls catch on to my story, and, with looks
atatme SpassTit = ons s ‘Boor
Thing,” they whisper, and
then, of course, the ‘Poor

@
©

TR B A SR

regular, if you go on telling yourself that lie every
hour, every day; that you’re bad.’’

He got up, huffily. ““How bad are you, anyway?
How good you been since—during the last five
years?’’

“As good as I was before,”” she blazed, spring-
ing to her feet. :

“Um-m,”’ he calculated: ‘‘T’ll bet you are, and
I’ll bet that’s pretty good. Good enough for us.
We ain’t so awfully good ourselves. Quick sales,
small profits and satisfied customers—Iots of ’em.
That’s what we call good.’’ 2

She was reaching for him again, with hands,
with eyes. - .

“But,’”” he struck, ‘““you can’t do much for us
and the little girl, if you’re
afraid every hour, every day,

Thing’ is fired.”’ @h[iﬁtmaﬁ ﬁrg‘(i. We got tcz’cut out fear.”’
She didn’t look like a Poor : K 2 “You mea}l’rl? she gasped.
Thing. She looked like a 1= xprrines I mean,” he thundered.

very Brave Thing to this
manager of women, but he
felt, with his man’s intui-

tion, the despair that was o
washing her courage away.
So he was kind. c.am AL .

“How old is the child?’’ he
a.am [ M.
aliivers
““Who takes care of it while
you’re at work ?”’

SreeStle
®On The Center
Uhristmas Carnls
@hayel

®On The Center

3
>

S

Sunday HProgram

“I mean that you got to cut
out that every-hour-every-
day business. See? It’s rot,
anyhow. You’'re as good as
anybody and if anybody here
says you ain’t, you come to
me and I’ll tell them this is a
women’s business, run for
profit; and women; including
mothers; women, -children
and- money. Y’on?”’

Hinh Mass

Hand Conrert

“Mother. ”’ , — She stood there staring com-
AT you support all 1. Angels’ Serenade Braga prehendlng, and he felt that
three?’’ 2. Hymn 197 Dykes she wanted to break, but—

“Yes, and,”” she blazed,
“‘you needn’t worry about
that: " “You fire caway. = Il
make out, somehow.
Only don’t tell me I’'m bad
again. I know that, too.
Don’t I tell it to myself ev-
ery hour, every day, and, if
I forget it for one little hour,

" 3. Hymn 53

doesn’t someone remind me?”’ B antealy
He was afraid she’d break, 6 I 9260
and he didn’t want her to: S

not her.
brave.”’

“You needn’t worry about
me, either,”” he said. ‘“This
is a_business house, strictly
business. No sentiment, and
no scruples. We’re here to
make money, and we’re on
the lookout for women who’ll
work and work hard, for us.
We don’t mind a little thing like a little child.

“Too proud, too
7. Hymn 267

lelelolelolelelelolelolelolelelelolelololelollllRllRllelollllollllllllllllltllrrl RO E0)

S Bact is a litiles 22

She was lifting from her chair.

“Which is it,”” he asked roughly, ‘‘a boy, or—?”’

“A girl,” she said, and she dropped back.

““The fact is,”” he resumed, ‘‘a little girl at home
makes the mother work harder in the store. And
that’s the report on you. They say you're a hard
worker, so I’d like to keep you on, regular, for life.”’

She lifted again. '

“But—"’ he said.

“But,”’ she collapsed.

“Idon’t see,”” he said, “‘how you can work hard,

(a) Holy, Holy, Holy
(b) He Lifted Me

(a) What Did He Do?
(b) All Hail the Power of
Jesus’ Name

4. Hallelujah Chorus
Intermisginn

(a) The Solid Rock
(b) Lead Kindly Light

(a) How Firm a Foundation
(b) The Son of God Goes
Forth to War

8. Among the Roses

A. F. WIEGANDT, Conductor

“Now, now, none o’ that,”’
the brute commanded. ‘‘Not
here. This is business, strict-
ly business. You get back on
your job. D’y’ hear?”’

“Yes,”” she nodded: she
heard, and she bolted for the
door, but as she opened it she
turned and she broke:

Owen

Solo’st Mrs. F. “God, how I will work!
Redman How I will—"’
Bradbury

Eh;ﬁigiﬁrman
That ‘‘He that dies
Pays all debts,’’
The man who lost
Much regrets.

Therefore, that man
Is surely wise
Who pays all debts

Portogalls

Walson

Clelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelolelololelelelelololelelelelelelololelelelelelelelelololelololelolelelelelolollololololo o)

@ .
00000EOOOOODOEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOE Before he dies.

Monarch

I am the real ruler of the universe. I cover with
dust the masterpieces of the earth. Ancient forms
shrink before my ever-awakening presence.

And memory cowers. Men bow before my scepter
like slaves of the light. And women, their eyes fixed
by my spell, follow where I lead. The puny baby in
the nursery and the gray-bearded patriarch alike
hearken to my magic voice. I paint the earth with
divers colors, and the scientist, the doctor, all the
rulers of man, awake to do my bidding.

I am the monarch of all I survey. None disputes
my eternal majesty. My name is Novelty.

that you’ll be found out and

®
®

W @

N B
