---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_209.jpg
---
Happy New Year

THE UMPIRE

Srasnn’s Greeting
1917¢

VOL. V

CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS OF
RARE MERIT AT THE E. S. P.

On a broad scale never before undertaken
at this institution the inmates applied their la-
tent energies to decorate the interior witha fine
array of Christmas greens and ingenious elec-
trical devices of striking novelty and design.
The Christmas spirit was everywhere in evi-
dence to the eye in appropriate showing, and
one would scarcely realize any sense of prison
atmosphere at the display of artistic taste in
decoration and the evidence of good-fellow-
ship among the inmates.

The principal objects of attraction are to be
found at the intersection of the three blocks,
10, 11 and 2, where artistic effort in many
designs predominate and electrical displays
have temporarily transformed the place into
a booth of novel and unique designs of very
pleasing effect. Particularly noticeable is
the cleverly executed illuminated shadow-box
painting, ‘‘Three Wise Men, >’ the handiwork
of inmate B 8361, which is of unusual size
and merit. Another feature is an electrical
flash replica of the ideal Santa Claus appar-
ently pursuing his way in a snowstorm (real
flakes are to be seen in motion) toward a
house in the foreground. This novelty is
very attractive and pleasing to the youthful
visitors.

Bells, bells, bells that don’t ring, but give
tone to the happy holiday spirit are to be
seen in profusion, with vari-colored effects in
crepe paper and in greens. The female inmates
have added their quota of effort at helping
to decorate their section, and on the 2nd
block, midway of its length, is a gaily deco-
rated Christmas tree of generous size, well
filled with scintillating ornaments of various

designs. As one inmate remarked, ‘‘Can you
beat it?”’ Truly a feat difficult to accom-
plish. The inmates of the hospital block

were well remembered by the friends in and
out of the institution, and while a full glow of
the season’s joy is not to be expected under
the circumstances, still, an apparent sense of
good cheer is to be noted. ;

Over the arched entrance of each block at
the Center, there is suspended a large wreath,
illuminated by parti-colored electric lights,
with ornate festoons of crepe paper and
greens suspended between other decorations.
The harmonious effect is noticeable, and many
complimentary remarks by visitors are to be
heard every now and then.

Passing down the 6th block to the Chap-
lain’s office and ‘‘print shop,’” one is greeted
with the sigh of bells, wreaths, greens and
colored crepe paper in profuse array, well
calculated to excite most favorable comment.
At least the Chaplain seems to be thoroughly

Philadelphia, December 27, 1916

imbued with the season’s joyous spirit, and he
is appreciative of the sincere regard of all
inmates, especially those directly under his
jurisdiction.

The ‘‘print shop’’ presents a no less re-
plete array of many-colored decorations than
are to be seen elsewhere, and impress the
beholder with admiring satisfaction. One
striking point in ali the attractive decora-
tions throughout the place, is the fact that
practically all the credit of the display is due
to the initiative of the inmates and co-operat-
ing officials, a fact which speaks well for the
advanced ideas to be found at the E. S. P., no
small credit being due our far-seeing and
sympathetic Moral Instructor, Rev. Joseph
Welch, whose desire for the prisoners’ ad-
vancement are known to all.

CAROLS AND BAND CONCERT
ENLIVEN CHRISTMAS DAY

Christmas morn was ushered in at this in-
stitution by inmate choristers singing carois
on the Center, which soon awakened the
slumbering population from their dreams of
feast and plumduff, and daylight quickly fol-
lowed, with many messages of comforting
assurance to the inmates from their outside
friends.

Christmas atmosphere prevailed at this in-
stitution during the day and the program
previously arranged by Prof. A. F. Wiegandt
for the Band Concert on the Center, was
carried out with unusual perfection in detail
and in the selections, calling forth consider-
able praise from the many visitors present.

The musicians were at their best on this
occasion and plainly endeavored to carry out
their part in perfecting the spirit of the day.
This effect was strengthened by the band
marching through the various blocks so all
could hear and be cheered by the martial
music; and the hearty approval of the in-
mates was loudly acclaimed by them by
shouts of rejoicing.

Episcopal Services at the Chapel

Episcopal services were held at the Chapel
on Thursday morning last at 10 A. M.

The sacrament was administered to sixty-
two inmate communicants by the Rev. J. T.
Taylor, the Rev. Mr. Schenestry assisting.

Confirmation services were held in the aft-
ernoon, at which time twenty inmates were
presented to Bishop Garland for confirmation.

There were present Mrs. Garland, Miss M.
Coates, Miss Dupree, Mrs. Reed, Mrs. Bart-
lett, Mrs. Keen, and Dr. William H. Jef-
freys. the newly appointed superintendent of
the P. E. City Mission.

Ignorance never settles a question.

NO. 52

BEAUTIFUL CATHOLIC
CHRISTMAS AT THE
E. S. P. CHAPEL

Catholic mass was celebrated at the prison
chapel on Christmas morning, with all its
attendant splendor and solemnity. At no
previous time has this beautiful service been
celebrated at the E. S. P. in the same degree
of excellence that distinguished the service
on that occasion.

The altar decorations were rich in ornate
candelabra, and beautiful flowers in protfuse
array added their potent charm to the occa-
sion, affording -delight to those appreciative
of the beautiful. '

Prof. Joseph Welsh and a host of talented
singers from several Catholic churches in the
city rendered the music of the mass in a
manner calling for the highest praise and
were accompanied by the inmate choir and
orchestra. To say that the result was near
perfection in sacred song and orchestral
effects would scarcely do justice to the
event.

The mass was celebrated by the Rev.
Father McCluskey, S. J., the Rev. Father
Michael A. O’Kane preaching the sermon, in
which he expressed his delight at the large
assemblage present and his thanks to the
visiting talent and inmate singers and musi-

-cians for their part in the service.

Father O’Kane had previously celebrated
three masses, and as he said, “Could not en-
tertain the thought of missing the opportunity
of being with us on this occasion.’’

In point of numbers in attendance of visit-
ors and inmates, all previous records were
passed, it being estimated at nearly eight
hundred, visiting members of the American
Society for Visiting Catholic Prisoners being
much in evidence, and credit must be accord-
ed that society for their keen interest in aid-
ing the prisoners’ uplift. :

Among those present were Miss Katherine
Slack, Mrs. Keen, Mrs. Prince, Mr. Boyle,
Mr. Mackey, Warden Robert J. McKenty,
and a large number of others, all expressive
of their delight at the beauty of the service.

Many thanks are due The Ladies’ Catholic
Alliance for the statuary and crucifix, and to
lady friends and to the Century Flower Shop
for the beautiful supply of fiowers donated.

It is announced in a late communication
that Mrs. Simonin has not resigned from the
King’s Daughters but from the presidency
of the local society, and we are pleased to
announce that her visits here will be resum-
ed on her recovery from present sickness.

The report that three men are to be
pardoned seems unfounded.
