---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_210.jpg
---
e
THE UMPIRE

Printed at the Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
every Wednesday.

Devoted to the interest and entertainment of its readers.

Mss.—Original matter, suitable for these columns is ac-
ceptable, and will be published as needed. Rejected artl—
cles will not be returned.

All communications from inmates should be addressed
The Umpire Printing Office, and given to the Overseer,
who will see to their delivery.

To insure attention, all articles must be signed with the
writer’s number.

The Editor will be responsible only for such matter as
may appear on this page.

B 7413: Editor.

Philadelphia, December 27, 1916

““The past may roughly push wus aloug, bnt
only the future can gently draw.’’

VENGEANCE IS NOT JUSTICE

Under the above title the Public Ledgerhas
come out in an editorial strongly opposing the
death penalty for the two youths from Jef-
ferson county, whose first appeal for com-
mutation was flatly refused by the State
Board of Pardons some time ago.

It is to be hoped that the state-wide op-
position which has recently developed against
the electrocution of these unfortunate youths,
will bear fruit at the present session of the
legislature in a bill to abolish capital punish-
ment in this state, as it is only a question of
a short time ere the death penalty will be
classed as a relic of a past age of cruelty and
revenge.

No doubt there will always be a few re-
actionaries—a few who will nurture the spirit
of hate and revenge under the pretext of
justice, totally ignoring the teaching of Jesus
Christ, the Man-God, who came with the
message of ‘‘peace on earth and good-will to
men,’’ expository of the divine law of Love as
the basis of life immortal. :

To anyone of humanitarian convictionsand
the love of man in their heart it must be ap-
parent that nothing is to be gained by capital
punishment as a means to deter crime; quite
the contrary it would seem, for does it not
teach the doctrine of vengeance? Such being
the case, can anything be more falacious,
more stupid, than to continue the present law
of capital punishment on the statute books
of the state? The writer in the Ledger is
evidently of the same mind as he says:

‘“There is no question as to the duty of the
Board of Pardons in the casesof Mottern and
Haines. Public opinion has expressed itself
overwhelmingly in favor of the commutation
of the death sentence to life imprisonment.
There is no sickly sentimentality, no sympa-
thy for the crime of murder, in the pleas for
mercy. No one denies that they deserve
punishment. Nor is the principle of capital
punishment a relevant consideration, though
this episode has made very many doubt the
policy of it. These two boys are guilty of
a deliberate act against the majesty of the
law. But they are boys, not men; and

THE UMPIRE

in the circumstances of both there are
conditions which explain, not justify, the act.
The state is bound to make a difference be-
tween crimes committed by grown men in
full possession of their faculties and crimes
committed by youths whose whole environ-
ment, training and mental qualities remove
from them the full responsibility. Vengeance
is not justice, and to most persons the put-
ting to death of Mottern and Haines strong-
ly appears to savor of the former. - This
view should properly govern the attitude of
the board.”’

SEEING THINGS ARIGHT

Within the past year or two, there has
been a great heralding in the papers and
magazines throughout the country about
‘“‘prison reform’’ and the ‘‘regeneration’’ of
men doing time in penal institutions, all of
which has had a strong tendency to create
an impression in the mind of the general
‘public that prison inmates were being cod-
dled, and were receiving better attention
than other unfortunates not in penal institu-
tions. The actual facts of the situation do
not bear out any such a state of unalloyed hap-
piness or extreme good fortune to the pris-
oner as has been depicted by the word-paint-
ers. That there has been some minor im-
provements in housing conditions and in the
abatement of corporal punishment, can not
be denied, but that prison inmates mn general
are enjoying unlimited opportunity for recre-

ation, is, to say the least, decidedly too ab- *

surd and ludicrous to be entertained for a
moment in the mind of any one familiar with
the true aspect of prison affairs. To shake
hands with a prison official and pass through
the corridors of a penal institution under the
guidance of a loquacious guard, who seldom
fails to extol the generous (?) privileges ac-
corded inmates, and expect to be accurately
informed on prison conditions, is about as
near the point as it would be to walk through
a college building and to come away with the
thought of possessing a college degree.

Just what spirit may actuate the writers of
such exaggerated ‘‘stuff’’ as appears in print
from time to time, we do not know, nor is it

relevant, but the point we do wish to impress

on those interested in ‘the prison problem’’ and
the uplift of prison inmates, is, that the cir-
culation of such misleading and erroneous re-
ports hasg a decidedly bad effect on genuine
reform and a strong tendency to prejudice
the public against immediate and sane ad-
vancement in the right direction.

It is our earnest hope that the writers and
others who are prone to enlarge upon and
paint such roseate views about prison reform
and prison conditions in lengthy articles for
public circulation, may be induced to stick a
little closer to actual facts in future attempts
at depicting prison conditions.

It is to be hoped that the New Year will

.usher in a season of prosperity for the resi-

dents of Cherry Hill. The past year has
been a dead one all around.

the art.

_—

RELIGIOUS SERVICES

Catholic Mass is celebrated at the Prison
Chapel every Sunday at 7.30 o "clock, A. M.

Confession every Saturday morning.

General services are held on the various
Blocks at 9 o’clock every Sunday morning.

Episcopal services are held at the Chapel
on the third Thursday of every month.

Jewish services are held on Saturdays at
the band-room.

QUIPS AND JESTS

Life at the E. S. P. is just one continuous
round of soup.

*
* *
Some people are loved for the enemies they
make, even though they sit upon the object
of their wrath. More power to our husky,

dusky inmate advocate of equal rights.

‘““What has become of Larry?”’
little flyer in the mail order bus—’’ ““Did he
get much out of it?”” ‘“Well, I should say

yes.. From five to ten at Atlanta.”’
k

New Comer— “HT)W dicT you enjoy the beans
last Wednesday?’’ Old Timer—*‘‘Say, the
next time you feel like commitin’ suicide,
just look me up and repeat de question.’’

SQh )

It is to be hoped that the supply of raisins
for the ‘‘dutch-cake’’ will not fall short this
year, or fall into the pockets of the favored
few. Let’s have an e(}ual ““!divvy’’ for all.

There’ll be abundant opportunity in the fu-
ture for some of the inmates to show their
abilities as sandhogs, when the new tube is
run under the Delaware. That is, providing
time’s up. 8
% %

Overseer Sykes, our genial instructor of
electricity, is devising a powerful pocket
search-light to present to Diogenes MecD. on
New Year’s day. This will greatly facilitate

the search for trouble.

*
£ *

Every one loves a good josher these days.
There’s One with us that’s past master of
Of course we all know about it; so
long as the ‘‘pub—’" don’t catch on, why, just

feed it to ’em. Selah!

%
%

%

First Inmate— ‘“What’s that I saw in
THE UMPIRE about ‘good lookin’ overseers’?
Tell me if those fellows (L. & M.) have got
anything on Herkness.”” Second Inmate—
‘“Yes, or Gus Gassenmeyer. I guess they’re
some class. What!”’

ES ES
Doctor— ‘“Well, what’s the matter with
you?”” Old Timer—‘‘I’ve been eating too
much lately and feel the need of reducing—’’
Doctor (turning away and addressing clerk) —
““Put that ‘nut’ down for examination by
alienist. It looks like a hopeless case.’’
