---
title: umpire
year: 1916
tags:
layout: page.njk
image: umpire_1916_211.jpg
---
THE UMPIRE

3

INTERESTING NEWS ITEMS

Instead of a show dog, Edward Daly, of
Race street, got a ten-day sentence in jail.
Recently Daly found a dog. For bench pur-
poses it was worthless, because it was too
long. Daly solved the problem by cutting
off part of its tail. The Society for the Pre-
vention of Cruelty to Animals did the rest.

S5

‘“‘Philadelphia’s finest’” have been adding
laurels to their fame for bravery and other ac-
complishments. We note that four policemen
have been held for trial for beating up two
helpless men on Thanksgiving Day; another
was stripped of his uniform and charged with
]arceny; while a few days ago, it took 75 of
the noble protectors of peace three hours to
“round up’’ one lone demented Greek, who
tried to ‘‘hold up’’ a street car. Bravo!

S
One of the great army of Hughes losers, a
pretty brunette girl of about seventeen years,
paid the penalty for guessing wrong re-
cently by giving a young Wilson man a free
ride around City Hall in a wheelbarrow.
The girl said her name was Carrie Rooke,
that she lived on Twentieth Street and that
she was a pupil attending high school in this
city.
S

Mrs. Elsie May Boling, of Kansas City, stood '

it uncomplainingly when her husband, Roy
H. Boling, came home intoxicated she
stated in her divorce petition, she didn’t
even complain when he broke up the furniture,
but when he pawned his glass eye to buy
whisky—that was the last straw, she
charges. And he forced her to take in wash-
ing to buy him a new glass eye, she says.

o

James Lockhart, of Ordway, Col., was
granted naturalization papers recently after
exercising all the rights of citizenship for
fifty-two years. He has voted at every pres-
idential election since the Civil War, held a
commission in the United States army, served
as a delegate to the Republican national con-
vention, served as Sheriff of Gibson countys>
Indiana, and has taken an active part in poli-
tics for many years. There was no record
available to show that his father had become
naturalized.

&

A Harrisburg correspondent tells of a new
‘rose, upon which its producer places a value
of $15,000, which was recently brought there
from Baltimore to be photographed at the
printing plant of J. Horace McFarland, pres-
ident of the American Civic Association and
editor of the American Rose Annual. John
Cook, aged 82, of Baltimore, who for sixty-
four years has been producing notable varie-
ties of roses, produced this- plant, the blos-
soms of which are pink, like a La France,
and measure five and one-half inches in di-
ameter. The plant has sixty buds on it.
Photographs in color are being made.

RING IN THE TRUE
By Mabel Lockman

‘“Ring out the old, ring in the new!”’
Thus England’s laureate, years agone,
Did prophesy a golden dawn,

The coming triumph of the true.

The doom of dogma, error fraught,
The end of fear’s old-world demain,
To usher in the glorious reign

Of peace so long, so vainly sought.

“‘Ring out the false, ring in the true!”’
Pass! false conception of a God
With wrathful heart and vengeful rod!
Too long this old distorted view

Has robbed man of his birthright trust,
Implanted fear and doubt—not love
For Him, in whom we live and move,

Has kept him grovelling in the dust.

‘“‘Ring out a slowly dying cause,’’
‘Let strife give way to brotherhood
And rivalry to common good,

And greed and crime, to purer laws.

“‘Ring in the Christ that is to be!”’

Oh! even now in every heart

Is born the Christ, man’s nobler part,
Imparting truth that makes him free.

CHRISTMAS MESSAGE TO PRIS-

ONERS

From F. Emory Lyon, Superintendent of
the Central Howard Association

The greatest single blessing that has come
to prisoners in recent years is expressed in
the word ‘‘recreation.’’ Increased opportu-
nities in this direction are found in nearly all
institutions. For this boon the friends of the
detained have long been working. At this
Christmas-time we may well be grateful for
the better health, the larger life, and the new
hope realized thereby. The benefits have
been great with the granting of fresh sun-
light and exercise. The ball game has fur-
nished the zest of conquest to players, and
the joy of diversion to the fans. The moving
picture has opened a world of education and
human life from beyond the walls.

Meantime it means much that many inmates
have become outmates upon their honor'.
Nearly 10,000 men under sentence in the
United States are faithful to their trust in
road camps or upon honor farms. All others,

‘in most prisons, have their hours of exercise

and relaxation in the open. All of which has
produced health, happiness and higher purpose,

Not that recreation is the whole of life,
either in or out of prison. Industry is quite
as important, and even more essential as a
factor in character building. Eech is needed
to lend inspiration to the other. There is
still too little of both in most penal institu-
ticns. All work and no play does all that we
used to say, while mischief ever awaits the
idle hand and brain.

The principal business of life after all,

whether at work or play, is the making of
character. The world is the Garden of God
for growing the fruits of righteousness. For-
tunately, at this occupation we may be en-
gaged under any circumstances and in spite
of the limitations of human experience.
Whether we grow noxious weeds or fragrant

flowers in this Garden is for us to decide.

Form in your mind a picture of what you
wish to grow. Indulge your desire for apples
or roses; melons or chrysanthemums. Think
of these luxuries as images of the more last-
ing qualities of courage and joy; friendship
and self-control; truthfulness and sincerity.
Say to yourself ‘‘I can be a Luther Burbank
in the field of my own possibilities.”’

Believe the best of yourself, and others will
believe it. Begin today and continue tomor-
row, no matter what setbacks may appear in
the way. Each time you say to yourself, ‘I
can and will make good,’’ picture success as a
reality. This will be as sunshine and water
to your garden of life. Put the past behind
you as you would cast off an old garment.
Have the courage to look truth in the face,
cast off falsehood, and begin now to think
with God.

Your future does not depend so much upon
where you are or the work you are doing as
upon the thoughts you are thinking. See that
your Garden is not cluttered up with useless
thoughts, but grow in your mind definite, or-
derly plans for better things. In this effort
I bid you God-speed for the New Year. I
reach out to you in the name of Brother-
hood and offer such human help as you need.
Work is plentiful, and employers are willing
to open the door of opportunity to any one
who means business. No one need starve,
beg or steal even when released from prison.

The Central Howard Association will glad-
ly find the job and help you over the hard
places. Any help advanced may be return-
ed. We help men to help themselves, find
themselves, and open the door of opportuni-
ty. Write me of your hopes and ambitions,
and we will try to realize them together. As
expressions of the one Divine Mind let us
realize our highest ideals through human ex-
perience.

F. EMORY LyYON,
Supt. of Central Howard Association.
LITTLE THINGS
Little (..) grains of comfort,
Little stars (s4s) of hope,
Fill our lives with questions (??)
That the wise (yy) ones (11) note(d).

The Government employes at Washington,
D. C., numbering over 30,000, are to get an
increase in their pay. National Guardsmen
are to receive $2,125,000; and the E. S. P.
overseers are to receive the same rate of pay
as in the past two years. Remember that a
faint heart never won a full pocketbook.
Make the start today for an increase. You
fellows are dead slow. Do something. Do
it now.
